1,Alertness,What should you do before making a U-turn?,Give an arm signal,Check road markings,Look over your shoulder for a final check,Select a higher gear than normal,C,Always do a final head check to ensure your blind spots are clear before starting the turn.																									
2,Alertness,What should you do as you approach a bridge that is narrow and has no pavement?,Sound your horn and continue,Slow down and be prepared to stop,Speed up to get across quickly,Stay in the middle of the road,B,Narrow bridges often have limited visibility; slowing down allows you to react to oncoming traffic or pedestrians.																									
3,Alertness,Where should you avoid overtaking?,On a 40mph road,Approaching a dip in the road,In a one-way street,On a dual carriageway,B,Dips in the road hide oncoming vehicles. You should only overtake when you have a clear view of the road ahead.																									
4,Alertness,What does a curved arrow road marking mean?,The road curves ahead,Overtaking is allowed,Turn left at the next junction,Drivers should move back to the left,D,These arrows warn you that a hazard (like a solid white line) is approaching and you must return to your side of the road.																									
5,Alertness,What should you do if your mobile phone rings while you are driving?,Answer it quickly,Ignore it and pull over later when safe,Use a hand-held headset,Check the caller ID first,B,Any distraction can cause an accident. Wait until you are safely parked before checking your phone.																									
"6,Alertness,Why are yellow lines sometimes painted across the road?,To mark a parking zone,To help you stay in lane,To make you aware of your speed,To indicate a school zone,C,These ""rumble strips"" are often found near roundabouts to encourage you to slow down."																									
7,Alertness,What should you do when approaching traffic lights that have been green for some time?,Accelerate to get through,Maintain your speed,Be ready to stop,Brake hard immediately,C,Lights that have been green for a while are likely to change soon. Anticipate the amber light.																									
8,Alertness,What should you do before slowing down or stopping?,Check your mirrors,Flash your headlights,Select a higher gear,Sound your horn,A,You need to know how your actions will affect the drivers behind you before you change speed.																									
9,Alertness,You are following a large vehicle. Why should you stay well back?,To help the driver see you in their mirrors,To get a better view of the road signs,To avoid the vehicle's exhaust fumes,To stop other drivers from cutting in,A,If you stay too close, you fall into the driver's blind spot and lose your own view of the road ahead.																									
10,Alertness,Why should you use your mirrors when you see a hazard ahead?,To check your speed,To see how the hazard will affect traffic behind you,To check if you need to signal,To help you steer away,B,Mirror checks help you judge if a sudden stop will cause a rear-end collision.																									
"11,Alertness,Your view at a junction is obstructed by parked vehicles. What should you do?,Move out quickly,Wait for a pedestrian to signal you,Stop and move forward slowly until you can see,Sound your horn and emerge,C,""Peeping and creeping"" allows you to see traffic without poking the front of your car too far into the road."																									
12,Alertness,Why are objects hanging from your interior mirror a hazard?,They could distract your attention,They could damage the mirror,They could obscure your speedometer,They are illegal in all cars,A,Movement in your peripheral vision can distract you or hide a small hazard like a cyclist.																									
13,Alertness,You feel sleepy on a motorway. What is the best thing to do?,Turn up the radio,Open the window and leave at the next exit,Drive faster to reach home,Stop on the hard shoulder for a nap,B,Fresh air is a temporary fix; you must leave the motorway and find a safe, legal place to sleep.																									
14,Alertness,When should you switch your headlights on?,Only when street lights are on,When it first starts to get dark,Only when it is raining,When you are driving over 30mph,B,Turning lights on at dusk helps other drivers see you even if you can see perfectly fine.																									
15,Alertness,What is most likely to distract you while driving?,Using the windscreen wipers,Looking at a map or sat-nav,Checking the mirrors,Using the car's heater,B,Looking away from the road for even a second to check a map significantly increases risk.																									
16,Alertness,When may you use a hand-held mobile phone?,When you are stopped at traffic lights,In a genuine emergency,When driving on a quiet road,When you are in a traffic queue,B,The only exception for using a hand-held phone while driving is to call 999 or 112 in an emergency.																									
17,Alertness,What should you do when moving off from behind a parked car?,Signal and pull out,Look around and check mirrors and blind spots,Sound your horn to warn others,Check your interior mirror only,B,A full 360-degree check is vital to ensure no one is approaching from your blind spots.																									
18,Alertness,How should you pass a cyclist on a narrow road?,Pass as close as possible,Sound your horn to move them,Wait until there is plenty of room to pass safely,Speed up to get past quickly,C,Cyclists may need to wobble or avoid potholes; give them as much room as you would a car.																									
19,Alertness,When do windscreen pillars cause a serious obstruction?,When driving on a straight road,When approaching bends or junctions,When you are reversing,When you are parking,B,Pillars can hide pedestrians or cyclists, especially when you are turning.																									
20,Alertness,What does the term 'blind spot' mean?,An area not visible in your mirrors,An area covered by your side mirrors,The area directly in front of the car,The area blocked by your headlights,A,You must check over your shoulders to see what the mirrors cannot.																									
21,Alertness,What is the risk of using a hands-free phone?,It is completely safe,It will still distract your attention,It will improve your reaction time,It is illegal to use,B,The mental effort of a conversation is what causes the distraction, not just the hand-held device.																									
22,Alertness,You are turning right onto a dual carriageway. What is most important?,Checking the speed limit,Ensuring the central reservation is wide enough,Signaling for at least 5 seconds,Staying in a high gear,B,If the reservation isn't wide enough for your car, you will block traffic if you try to wait there.																									
23,Alertness,How can you prevent a sat-nav from distracting you?,Set the destination before you start,Place it in your direct line of sight,Turn the volume to maximum,Check it every 30 seconds,A,Programming a sat-nav while driving is dangerous. Do it while parked.																									
24,Alertness,What should you do if a passenger is being distracting?,Tell them to get out,Ignore them and keep driving,Ask them to stop or pull over safely,Turn up the radio to drown them out,C,The driver is responsible for the safety of the vehicle; do not allow passengers to interfere with your focus.																									
25,Alertness,How does loud music affect your driving?,It helps you stay awake,It improves your concentration,It may mask other sounds like sirens,It has no effect on driving,C,Loud music can prevent you from hearing emergency vehicles or mechanical issues with your car.																									
26,Alertness,You are approaching a hump-backed bridge. What should you do?,Stay in the middle of the road,Keep to the left and be wary of oncoming traffic,Speed up to see over the top,Sound your horn and maintain speed,B,Hump bridges are often narrow; staying left ensures you don't collide with oncoming cars.																									
27,Alertness,What is a common sign of driver fatigue?,Increased concentration,Yawning and heavy eyelids,Faster reaction times,Better mirror awareness,B,If you start yawning, you are already too tired to be driving safely.																									
28,Alertness,Why should you check your mirrors before turning?,To see if your indicators are working,To check for following or overtaking traffic,To see if the road is clear ahead,To check the status of your passengers,B,Someone may be trying to overtake you just as you are about to turn right.																									
29,Alertness,What should you do if you cannot see clearly while reversing?,Open your door and look out,Ask someone to guide you,Reverse as fast as possible,Rely solely on your mirrors,B,If your view is restricted, an outside guide is the safest way to prevent a collision.																									
30,Alertness,What's the best way to stay alert on a long journey?,Drink plenty of water,Take regular breaks at least every two hours,Drive at a constant high speed,Listen to an audiobook,B,A 15-minute break every two hours is the recommended standard to maintain focus.																									
31,Alertness,How can sun glare affect you?,It makes the road easier to see,It can dazzle and hide hazards,It only affects you in the summer,It improves your mood and focus,B,Keep your windscreen clean and use your sun visor to mitigate dazzling light.																									
32,Alertness,When approaching a junction, you see a cyclist. What should you expect?,They will always stop for you,They may swerve or change direction suddenly,They are faster than cars,They have no right of way,B,Cyclists are vulnerable; anticipate that they may move to avoid a hazard you can't see.																									
33,Alertness,What should you do if you are dazzled by a following vehicle's lights?,Brake hard,Use your interior 'anti-dazzle' mirror flick,Turn your own lights off,Slow down and stop immediately,B,Most mirrors have a small lever to tilt the glass and reduce glare from behind.																									
34,Alertness,What is the main danger of 'rubbernecking' at an accident?,You will be late for your journey,It causes further accidents due to distraction,It is disrespectful to victims,The police will fine you,B,Looking at an accident scene means your eyes and mind are off the road in front of you.																									
35,Alertness,Which of these is a distraction inside the car?,A clean windscreen,A map on the passenger seat,Working mirrors,Properly inflated tyres,B,A loose map can fly around or tempt you to look down while the car is moving.																									
36,Alertness,When should you use your horn to be 'seen'?,To greet friends,To warn others of your presence at a blind bend,To show your annoyance,To signal that you have right of way,B,The horn is a warning device, most useful where visibility is limited.																									
37,Alertness,What should you do if you miss your exit on a motorway?,Reverse back to the exit,Stop on the hard shoulder,Continue to the next exit,Cross the central reservation,C,Never reverse or stop on a motorway. Simply find the next safe turnaround point.																									
38,Alertness,Why should you avoid driving if you are upset?,You will drive too slowly,It can affect your judgment and concentration,You will forget your route,It is illegal to drive while sad,B,Emotional stress is just as distracting as a mobile phone.																									
39,Alertness,How does rain affect your alertness?,It makes the road smoother,It reduces visibility and increases stopping distances,It helps you stay focused,It has no effect on your driving,B,Rain requires more mental effort to process the visual information and anticipate hazards.																									
40,Alertness,What should you do before emerging from a junction in a busy town?,Sound your horn,Look for pedestrians who may be crossing the side road,Wait for a driver to flash their lights,Check your fuel gauge,B,Pedestrians often cross side roads without looking; you must stay alert for them.																									
41,Alertness,You are driving behind a moped. Why should you stay back?,Mopeds are very fast,The rider may be inexperienced or wobbly,Mopeds have very loud exhausts,To avoid the rider's shadow,B,L-plate riders or mopeds can be less stable; extra space is a safety margin.																									
42,Alertness,What is the benefit of 'defensive driving'?,You can drive faster,You anticipate the mistakes of others,You always have right of way,It saves money on insurance,B,Defensive driving is about being alert to potential hazards before they happen.																									
43,Alertness,What should you do if a driver is tailgating you?,Brake sharply to warn them,Speed up to get away,Increase your distance from the car in front,Turn your hazard lights on,C,Increasing the gap in front gives you more time to brake slowly, reducing the risk of being hit from behind.																									
44,Alertness,How can you help an elderly person cross the road?,Flash your lights at them,Be patient and give them time,Sound your horn to hurry them,Wave them across,B,Never wave or flash someone across, as another vehicle might be approaching. Just wait patiently.																									
45,Alertness,What should you do when approaching a school bus?,Speed up to pass it,Be alert for children emerging from behind it,Sound your horn continuously,Ignore it and follow the car in front,B,Children are often distracted when getting off a bus; you must be the alert one.																									
46,Alertness,Why is it dangerous to drive after taking certain medicines?,They make you more alert,They can cause drowsiness or blurred vision,They are all illegal,They make you drive too fast,B,Always check the label or ask a doctor if a medicine affects your driving.																									
"47,Alertness,How should you use your mirrors on a long, straight road?,Check them every 10 minutes,Check them frequently to stay aware of following traffic,Never check them unless you are turning,Look at them only if you hear a horn,B,Regular mirror sweeps keep you aware of the ""big picture"" around your vehicle."																									
48,Alertness,What is the 'two-second rule'?,The time it takes to change gear,The safe following distance in good conditions,The time you should spend looking in the mirror,The time it takes to signal,B,In dry conditions, you should be at least two seconds behind the vehicle in front.																									
49,Alertness,What should you do if you are being blinded by oncoming headlights?,Look directly at them,Look towards the left-hand edge of the road,Turn your own high beams on,Close your eyes briefly,B,Looking at the kerb or road markings on the left helps you stay in lane without being blinded.																									
50,Alertness,Why should you stay alert for horses on the road?,They are very fast,They may be easily spooked by noise or speed,They always have right of way,They are hard to see in the day,B,Pass horses slowly and wide, keeping your engine revs low to avoid scaring them.																									
51,Alertness,What should you do if you see a 'Stop' sign?,Slow down and look,Stop only if traffic is coming,Stop completely even if the road is clear,Slow down and sound your horn,C,A 'Stop' sign is a legal requirement to bring your wheels to a complete halt.																									
52,Alertness,How can you improve your view when driving at night?,Wear tinted glasses,Keep your windscreen clean inside and out,Drive with your interior light on,Use your hazard lights,B,Dirt on the glass can catch the light from oncoming cars and create a dangerous haze.																									
53,Alertness,What is 'tunnel vision'?,A condition caused by driving in tunnels,The loss of peripheral vision due to high speed or stress,A type of sunglasses,Looking only at the car in front,B,Stay alert by scanning the whole environment, not just the road directly ahead.																									
54,Alertness,What should you do if you are unsure of a road sign's meaning?,Ignore it,Stop in the middle of the road to read it,Slow down and prepare for a hazard,Speed up to find a clearer sign,C,If you don't know the sign, assume it is a warning and proceed with caution.																									
"55,Alertness,When is it most difficult to stay alert?,During the morning rush hour,On a long, monotonous motorway journey,In heavy city traffic,When driving in a new area,B,The lack of visual stimulation on motorways can lead to ""highway hypnosis."""																									
"56,Alertness,What should you do before opening your car door onto the road?,Check your mirrors and look over your shoulder,Just open it quickly,Wait for a car to pass then open it,Ask your passenger if it's clear,A,The ""Dutch Reach"" (using the far hand to open the door) forces you to look back for cyclists."																									
57,Alertness,Why should you check the road surface ahead?,To see if it's been paved recently,To look for oil spills or ice that could affect control,To check for loose coins,To admire the road work,B,Being alert to the road surface helps you adjust your speed before you lose grip.																									
58,Attitude,You are being tailgated by a driver behind. What should you do?,Brake sharply to show your annoyance,Speed up to get away from them,Increase your following distance from the vehicle in front,Switch on your hazard warning lights,C,Increasing the gap in front gives you more time to react and allows you to brake more gently, which reduces the risk of the tailgater hitting you.																									
59,Attitude,What should you do when you see an emergency vehicle with flashing blue lights?,Pull over as soon as it is safe to do so,Speed up to stay ahead of it,Stop in the middle of the road immediately,Maintain your speed and stay in your lane,A,You must help emergency vehicles by moving out of their way, but only when it is safe to do so without endangering other road users.																									
60,Attitude,What is the correct way to use your headlights to signal other road users?,Flash them to show you are giving way,Flash them to show you are annoyed,Flash them only to let others know you are there,Use them to signal that it is safe for others to emerge,C,The Highway Code states that you should only flash your headlights to let other road users know that you are there.																									
61,Attitude,When should you use your horn in a built-up area?,Between 11:30 PM and 7:00 AM,To greet a friend on the pavement,To warn others of your presence when it is necessary,To signal your frustration at a traffic jam,C,The horn should only be used as a warning of danger. It is illegal to use it in built-up areas at night unless a moving vehicle poses a danger.																									
62,Attitude,A pedestrian is waiting to cross at a zebra crossing. What should you do?,Wave them across to show it is safe,Stop and allow them to cross,Sound your horn to tell them to hurry up,Maintain your speed if they haven't stepped onto the road,B,You should be prepared to stop for pedestrians waiting at a zebra crossing and you must stop once they have stepped onto it.																									
63,Attitude,You are driving in a slow-moving traffic queue. What should you do before changing lanes?,Check your mirrors and signal your intention early,Sound your horn to warn other drivers,Force your way into the next lane,Wait for another driver to flash their lights at you,A,In congested traffic, clear signals and early mirror checks are essential to prevent further delays or collisions.																									
64,Attitude,How should you react to a driver who is acting aggressively?,Shout back at them,Follow them to complain,Stay calm and do not react to their behavior,Gesture at them to show they are wrong,C,Road rage is dangerous. Staying calm and ignoring aggression keeps the situation from escalating.																									
65,Attitude,What should you do if a driver pulls out in front of you unexpectedly?,Sound your horn and flash your lights,Brake hard and stay calm,Follow them closely to show your disapproval,Overtake them immediately,B,Anticipate that others will make mistakes. Stay calm and take the necessary action to stay safe.																									
66,Attitude,You are following a learner driver who stalls at a junction. What should you do?,Sound your horn to encourage them,Drive up very close to their rear bumper,Be patient and give them time to restart,Flash your headlights repeatedly,C,Everyone was a learner once. Give them space and time to recover without adding to their pressure.																									
67,Attitude,Which type of vehicle should you give extra room to when it is windy?,A tractor,A high-sided lorry or a cyclist,A small car,A motorcycle with a sidecar,B,Wind can cause large vehicles to drift and can blow cyclists off course. Give them plenty of space.																									
68,Attitude,When should you avoid using your horn?,Near a hospital or in a built-up area at night,On a narrow country lane,When approaching a blind bend,When a car is reversing into a side road,A,To minimize noise pollution, do not use the horn in residential areas at night or near hospitals unless it is an emergency.																									
69,Attitude,What does it mean if a driver flashes their lights at you?,They are giving you the right of way,They are warning you of a police speed trap,They are letting you know they are there,They are telling you that your lights are broken,C,Do not assume a flash of lights is an invitation to proceed. It simply means they are there.																									
70,Attitude,You are turning right into a side road. A pedestrian is already crossing that road. What should you do?,Sound your horn so they stop,Wait and give way to the pedestrian,Drive around them quickly,Flash your lights to tell them to hurry,B,Pedestrians who have already started crossing a side road have priority.																									
71,Attitude,Why should you keep a safe distance from the vehicle in front?,To improve your fuel economy,To allow you to see further down the road,To stop other drivers from overtaking you,To make it easier to change the radio,B,A good following distance gives you a better view of the road ahead and more time to react to hazards.																									
72,Attitude,A car is following you with its high beam lights on. What should you do?,Turn your own high beams on to see better,Brake hard to tell them to turn them off,Flick your interior mirror to the anti-dazzle position,Slow down and stop in the middle of the road,C,Use the anti-dazzle setting on your mirror to avoid being blinded while maintaining your focus on the road.																									
73,Attitude,When is it acceptable to drive on the pavement?,When you need to park and the road is narrow,When you are turning into a driveway or property,When you are in a hurry to get past traffic,Never,B,You may only cross a pavement to reach a property. Driving on it otherwise is illegal and dangerous to pedestrians.																									
74,Attitude,What should you do if you see a bus trying to pull away from a stop?,Speed up to pass it before it moves,Give way to the bus if it is safe to do so,Sound your horn to warn the driver you are there,Drive as close as possible to the bus,B,You should give priority to buses whenever it is safe to do so to help public transport stay on schedule.																									
75,Attitude,You see a person carrying a white cane with a red band. What does this tell you?,They are a blind person,They are a deaf person,They are both deaf and blind,They are a senior citizen,C,A white cane with a red band indicates that the pedestrian has both hearing and visual impairments.																									
"76,Attitude,What is the minimum time gap you should leave when following a vehicle on a dry road?,One second,Two seconds,Three seconds,Four seconds,B,The ""two-second rule"" is the standard safety margin for dry conditions."																									
77,Attitude,Who has priority at an unmarked crossroads?,Traffic coming from the right,Traffic on the wider road,The driver who is traveling fastest,No one has priority,D,At an unmarked junction, no one has the right of way. All drivers must proceed with extreme caution.																									
78,Attitude,Why should you never wave a pedestrian across the road?,They might not see you,It may be taken as an invitation to cross when another vehicle is coming,It is against the law to wave at pedestrians,It makes you look impatient,B,Waving can lead a pedestrian into the path of another vehicle that you haven't seen or that hasn't seen them.																									
79,Attitude,You are waiting at a junction. A driver on the main road flashes their lights. What should you do?,Move out immediately,Wait and make sure it is safe before moving,Flash your lights back and then go,Assume their lights have flickered by mistake,B,A flash of lights does not mean the road is safe. You must still perform your own safety checks before emerging.																									
80,Attitude,Which of these is a sign of a considerate driver?,Using the horn to tell people to move,Flashing lights to claim right of way,Allowing others to merge in heavy traffic,Tailgating to keep traffic moving,C,Considerate drivers help the flow of traffic by being patient and allowing others to move when appropriate.																									
81,Attitude,What should you do if a driver is following you too closely in the rain?,Brake hard to make them stay back,Increase your following distance to at least four seconds,Turn your rear fog lights on,Speed up until they are no longer behind you,B,In wet weather, you need a four-second gap. If tailgated, increase the gap in front of you to compensate for the risk behind.																									
82,Attitude,How can you help the environment while driving?,By accelerating quickly every time,By using the air conditioning constantly,By looking ahead and driving smoothly,By staying in a lower gear,C,Smooth driving with less heavy braking and acceleration uses less fuel and reduces emissions.																									
83,Attitude,You are driving a slow vehicle on a narrow winding road. What should you do?,Maintain your speed and ignore the queue,Pull in safely when you can to let others pass,Speed up even if it feels unsafe,Drive in the middle of the road to prevent overtaking,B,Pulling over to let a queue pass prevents other drivers from making risky overtaking maneuvers out of frustration.																									
84,Attitude,What is the most common cause of collisions?,Mechanical failure,Bad weather,Poor driver attitude and errors,Poor road surfaces,C,The majority of accidents are caused by human error, often linked to impatience or lack of consideration.																									
85,Attitude,When should you use your hazard warning lights while driving?,When you are parked illegally,To thank another driver,To warn traffic behind of a sudden hazard on a motorway,When you are driving in heavy rain,C,Hazard lights should only be used while moving to warn drivers on a motorway or unrestricted dual carriageway of a hazard ahead.																									
86,Attitude,You want to turn right at a box junction. There is oncoming traffic but the exit is clear. What should you do?,Wait behind the first line,Enter the box and wait for a gap in traffic,Drive through even if the exit isn't clear,Wait for the lights to change to red,B,You are allowed to enter a yellow box junction to wait if you want to turn right and are only stopped by oncoming traffic.																									
87,Attitude,What should you do if you see a sheep or a horse on the road?,Sound your horn to move them,Slow down and be ready to stop,Rev your engine to scare them away,Flash your lights at the animal,B,Animals are unpredictable. Slow down, give them plenty of room, and do not make sudden noises.																									
88,Attitude,What should you do if an older person is crossing the road in front of you?,Flash your lights to warn them,Be patient and allow them to finish crossing,Sound your horn if they are too slow,Drive around them closely,B,Older pedestrians may take longer to cross. Give them the time they need without rushing them.																									
89,Attitude,A car is stopped at a zebra crossing. Why should you not overtake it?,It is illegal to overtake in a town,The car might be broken down,A pedestrian you can't see may be crossing,The driver might be turning right,C,Never overtake the vehicle closest to a crossing; they are often stopped for a pedestrian you cannot see yet.																									
90,Attitude,What is the best way to handle 'competitive' drivers?,Try to beat them at the next set of lights,Ignore them and drive safely,Block them from changing lanes,Follow them to report them,B,Don't get drawn into a competition. It only increases the risk of an accident.																									
91,Attitude,When are you allowed to use your fog lights?,Whenever it is dark,Only when visibility is seriously reduced (less than 100m),When it is raining lightly,To make your car look better,B,Fog lights dazzle other drivers and should only be used in very thick fog or falling snow.																									
92,Attitude,You are at a junction and a driver flashes their lights at you. What is the first thing you should do?,Move out quickly before they change their mind,Check that there are no other hazards or vehicles approaching,Flash your lights back as a thank you,Assume they are flashing someone else,B,You must always verify that the road is clear yourself, regardless of what other drivers signal.																									
93,Attitude,What should you do if you are driving on a road with parked cars and a car is coming towards you?,Speed up to get through first,Stop and wait if the obstruction is on your side,Sound your horn and keep going,Drive onto the pavement to let them past,B,If the parked cars are on your side of the road, you should usually give way to oncoming traffic.																									
94,Attitude,How can you avoid dazzling the driver behind you when stopped in traffic at night?,Keep your foot on the brake pedal,Use the parking brake (handbrake) and take your foot off the footbrake,Turn your lights off,Switch to sidelights only,B,The bright red glare of brake lights can be very dazzling to drivers behind, especially in the rain.																									
95,Attitude,What should you do if a driver is trying to overtake you?,Speed up so they can't get past,Maintain your speed or slow down slightly to help them,Move to the right to block them,Sound your horn to warn them off,B,Be helpful. If someone wants to pass, let them do so safely.																									
96,Attitude,You are entering a roundabout. Who should you generally give way to?,Traffic from the left,Traffic already on the roundabout from the right,No one, it is first come first served,Only buses and lorries,B,The standard rule for roundabouts is to give way to traffic coming from your right.																									
97,Attitude,What should you do if you realize you are in the wrong lane at a busy roundabout?,Cut across the traffic to the correct exit,Stop and wait for a gap,Continue to the next exit or go all the way around,Reverse to the previous junction,C,Changing lanes suddenly on a roundabout is dangerous. Just go around again or find a safe way back later.																									
98,Attitude,How should you drive when passing a school?,At the maximum speed limit to get past quickly,With extra caution and at a lower speed,Sounding your horn to warn children,Following the car in front very closely,B,Schools are high-risk areas for children. Slow down and stay extremely alert.																									
99,Attitude,A cyclist is signaling to turn right at a large roundabout. What should you do?,Overtake them on the right,Give them plenty of room and stay behind them,Sound your horn to tell them to move over,Flash your lights to tell them to go,B,Cyclists may stay in the left-hand lane even when turning right. Give them the space to do so safely.																									
100,Attitude,What is the main benefit of being a patient driver?,You will arrive at your destination faster,It reduces stress and makes the road safer for everyone,It makes your car last longer,You will never get a speeding fine,B,Patience reduces the likelihood of making mistakes or causing road rage.																									
101,Attitude,What should you do if you are being dazzled by the sun?,Speed up to get into the shade,Use your sun visor and wear sunglasses if necessary,Close your eyes for a second,Stop in the middle of the road,B,Be prepared for sun glare, especially in the morning or late afternoon.																									
102,Attitude,A driver pulls up alongside you and starts shouting. What should you do?,Shout back at them,Keep your windows closed and avoid eye contact,Get out of the car to see what is wrong,Follow them to see where they are going,B,Avoiding confrontation is the best way to deal with road rage.																									
103,Attitude,When may you use your hazard warning lights to thank someone?,Only when you are on a motorway,It is not recommended; a brief wave is better,Whenever you feel like it,When it is dark,B,Hazard lights are for warning of danger, not for saying thank you.																									
104,Attitude,What should you do if you are waiting to emerge from a side road and your view is blocked by parked cars?,Pull out quickly and hope for the best,Creep forward slowly until you can see clearly,Wait for someone to flash their lights,Ask a passenger to run out and check,B,Moving forward very slowly allows you to see without putting your car in danger.																									
105,Attitude,Which of these is most likely to cause a distraction?,Listening to the radio at a low volume,Using a hand-held mobile phone,Checking your mirrors,Using your windscreen wipers,B,Hand-held phones are a major source of physical and mental distraction.																									
106,Attitude,How can you show consideration for a horse and rider?,Speed up to get past them quickly,Pass wide and slow,Sound your horn as you pass,Flash your headlights to let them know you are there,B,Horses are easily spooked. Pass them with as much room as possible and at a very low speed.																									
107,Attitude,What should you do if you are following a learner and they are driving very slowly?,Tailgate them to make them go faster,Be patient and stay back,Overtake them on a blind bend,Sound your horn repeatedly,B,Learners need space and patience to build their confidence.																									
108,Attitude,You are at a railway level crossing. The red lights continue to flash after a train has passed. What should you do?,Drive across quickly,Wait, as another train may be coming,Get out and check the tracks,Sound your horn to warn others,B,Multiple trains can pass a crossing. Never move until the lights stop flashing.																									
109,Attitude,What does 'dry steering' mean?,Steering while the car is moving,Steering while the car is stationary,Steering without using the indicators,Steering with only one hand,B,Turning the steering wheel while the car is not moving causes unnecessary wear to the tyres and steering mechanism.																									
110,Attitude,Why should you never follow a large vehicle too closely?,It makes it easier to overtake,The driver cannot see you in their mirrors,You will get better fuel economy,It protects your car from the wind,B,If you can't see the driver's mirrors, they can't see you.																									
111,Attitude,What should you do if a driver flashes their headlights at you at night?,Flash yours back,Check your own lights are on and not on high beam,Turn your lights off briefly,Stop immediately,B,They may be trying to tell you that your own lights are dazzling them or that you have forgotten to turn them on.																									
112,Attitude,You are driving on a dual carriageway. A car is joined from a slip road. What should you do?,Maintain your speed and stay in your lane,Move to the right-hand lane if it is safe to do so,Speed up to block them,Brake hard to let them in,B,Helping others to merge safely improves the flow of traffic for everyone.																									
113,Attitude,What should you do if you have to pull up on a pavement to allow an emergency vehicle through?,Drive as fast as you can,Be careful not to endanger any pedestrians,Stay there until the police arrive,Keep your hazard lights on for the rest of the day,B,Pedestrians are the most vulnerable road users. Even in an emergency, their safety is your priority.																									
114,Attitude,How can you prevent your car from being a nuisance to others?,By using a loud exhaust,By parking in a way that doesn't block driveways or pavements,By playing music very loudly,By using your horn to say goodbye,B,Considerate parking is a key part of being a good driver.																									
115,Safety and Your Vehicle,How often should you check your tyre pressures?,Only when you have a puncture,At least once a week or before a long journey,Every six months during a service,Only when the car feels like it is pulling to one side,B,Tyre pressures should be checked when they are cold to get an accurate reading. Regular checks help fuel economy and safety.																									
116,Safety and Your Vehicle,What is the legal minimum tread depth for car tyres?,1.0 mm,1.6 mm,2.0 mm,2.5 mm,B,The legal limit is 1.6mm across the central three-quarters of the breadth of the tyre and around the entire outer circumference.																									
117,Safety and Your Vehicle,Where would you find the correct tyre pressure settings for your car?,On the side of the tyre,In the vehicle handbook,On the dashboard,On the MOT certificate,B,The manufacturer's handbook will give you the specific pressures for different loads (e.g. if the car is full of passengers).																									
118,Safety and Your Vehicle,What can happen if your tyres are under-inflated?,The car will be faster,The steering will feel lighter,Your fuel consumption will increase,The brakes will last longer,C,Under-inflated tyres increase rolling resistance, which forces the engine to work harder and use more fuel.																									
119,Safety and Your Vehicle,How can you help the environment when you are driving?,By driving in a low gear at all times,By accelerating as quickly as possible,By having your vehicle serviced regularly,By using the air conditioning on every journey,C,A well-maintained engine runs more efficiently and produces fewer harmful emissions.																									
120,Safety and Your Vehicle,What should you do if your anti-lock brakes (ABS) warning light stays on?,Ignore it if the brakes still feel okay,Stop and check the brake fluid level,Have the system checked by a professional immediately,Drive faster to see if the light goes out,C,An ABS light indicates a fault in the safety system. Your brakes will still work, but the anti-lock feature may not.																									
121,Safety and Your Vehicle,What is the main cause of uneven tyre wear?,High-speed driving,Frequent car washing,Faulty suspension or incorrect wheel alignment,Driving in heavy rain,C,If your wheels are not aligned properly, one side of the tyre will scrub against the road and wear down faster.																									
122,Safety and Your Vehicle,How can you save fuel while driving?,By leaving the engine running when parked,By removing a roof rack when it is not in use,By keeping the windows open at high speeds,By using a lower gear than necessary,B,Roof racks increase wind resistance (drag). Removing them when not needed makes the car more aerodynamic.																									
123,Safety and Your Vehicle,What should you check before starting a long journey?,The radio signal strength,The oil, water, and tyre levels,The car's maximum speed,The cleanliness of the floor mats,B,Checking essential fluids and tyres reduces the risk of a breakdown on a long trip.																									
124,Safety and Your Vehicle,What is the purpose of a catalytic converter?,To improve the car's top speed,To reduce the noise from the exhaust,To reduce toxic exhaust emissions,To make the engine easier to start,C,Catalytic converters treat exhaust gases to turn harmful pollutants into less toxic substances.																									
125,Safety and Your Vehicle,When should you check the oil level in your engine?,While the engine is running and hot,When the engine is cold and the car is on level ground,Once a year before the MOT,Only when the oil warning light comes on,B,Checking on level ground ensures you get an accurate reading on the dipstick.																									
126,Safety and Your Vehicle,How do you know when your brake fluid is low?,The steering wheel will vibrate,The footbrake will feel firm and high,A warning light will appear on the dashboard,The car will accelerate more slowly,C,Never ignore a brake warning light; low fluid can lead to total brake failure.																									
127,Safety and Your Vehicle,What can cause your car to pull to one side when you brake?,A flat battery,Worn out windscreen wipers,An incorrectly inflated tyre or a brake fault,A loose exhaust pipe,C,Uneven tyre pressure or a sticking brake caliper can cause the car to veer under braking.																									
128,Safety and Your Vehicle,What's the best way to dispose of a used vehicle battery?,Leave it in the garden,Put it in a household dustbin,Take it to a local authority disposal site or garage,Bury it in the ground,C,Batteries contain acid and lead; they are hazardous waste and must be recycled properly.																									
129,Safety and Your Vehicle,Why should you keep your battery topped up with distilled water (if applicable)?,To make it weigh more,To keep the plates covered and prevent damage,To help the car start in the summer,To improve the headlights,B,In older 'unsealed' batteries, the liquid levels must be maintained to keep the battery functioning.																									
130,Safety and Your Vehicle,What is 'brake fade'?,When the brakes become more sensitive,A loss of braking effectiveness caused by overheating,When the handbrake cable snaps,When the brake pads are brand new,B,Brake fade often happens on long downhill stretches if you use the brakes too much. Use a lower gear to help slow the car.																									
131,Safety and Your Vehicle,What does it mean if the steering vibrates at high speeds?,The road surface is bumpy,The wheels are out of balance,The fuel level is low,The tyres are brand new,B,Unbalanced wheels cause a vibration (shimmy) that is usually felt through the steering wheel.																									
132,Safety and Your Vehicle,How should you adjust your head restraint?,So that it is as low as possible,So the rigid part is at least as high as your eyes or top of ears,So it touches the back of your neck,It doesn't matter as long as it's there,B,A properly adjusted head restraint reduces the risk of whiplash in a rear-end collision.																									
133,Safety and Your Vehicle,Who is responsible for making sure a child under 14 wears a seatbelt?,The child,The child's parents,The driver of the car,No one,C,The driver is legally responsible for ensuring children under 14 are correctly restrained.																									
134,Safety and Your Vehicle,When are you allowed to use your hazard warning lights?,When you are parked on a double yellow line,When your vehicle has broken down and is causing an obstruction,To warn others you are stopping to pick up a passenger,When you are driving in a pedestrian zone,B,Hazard lights are only for genuine breakdowns or to warn of a hazard ahead on a motorway.																									
135,Safety and Your Vehicle,What should you do if your engine overheats?,Speed up to get more air into the engine,Turn off the air conditioning and pull over safely,Keep driving until you reach a garage,Pour cold water over the hot engine immediately,B,Pull over and let the engine cool naturally. Opening a hot radiator cap can cause serious steam burns.																									
136,Safety and Your Vehicle,What does the 'E' in the 'FORCES' check stand for?,Electricity,Engine,Electronics,Exhaust,D,The FORCES check stands for Fuel, Oil, Rubber (tyres), Coolant, Electrics, and Screenwash.																									
137,Safety and Your Vehicle,How can you tell if your power steering is working?,The steering wheel will be very hard to turn,The steering should feel light and easy as you move off,The car will make a loud whistling noise,The steering wheel will vibrate,B,If the steering feels heavy, the power steering system may have failed.																									
138,Safety and Your Vehicle,What is the main danger of a leaking exhaust system?,It will make the car go slower,You will use more fuel,Harmful gases could enter the car cabin,It will damage the car's paintwork,C,Exhaust fumes contain carbon monoxide, which is odorless, colorless, and deadly if inhaled.																									
139,Safety and Your Vehicle,When should you use your rear fog lights?,Whenever it is raining,Only when visibility is less than 100 metres,When you are driving on a motorway at night,To warn tailgaters to stay back,B,Fog lights are very bright and can dazzle other drivers. Switch them off as soon as visibility improves.																									
140,Safety and Your Vehicle,What is the correct way to check your indicators are working?,Ask someone to watch as you operate them,Listen for the clicking sound only,Assume they work if the dashboard light flashes,Check the reflectiveness in a shop window,A,A physical check (either by walking around or asking someone) is the only way to be 100% sure.																									
141,Safety and Your Vehicle,What could happen if you overfill your engine oil?,The engine will run faster,It could cause oil leaks and damage engine seals,The car will use less fuel,The engine will stay cooler,B,Excess oil creates too much pressure, which can blow gaskets and seals.																									
142,Safety and Your Vehicle,How can you reduce the risk of your car being stolen?,Leave the keys in the ignition when paying for fuel,Always lock the car and remove the keys even for a short time,Leave valuables on the passenger seat,Park in dark, unlit side streets,B,Most car thefts are opportunistic. Locking the car and hiding valuables are the best deterrents.																									
143,Safety and Your Vehicle,What is 'Eco-safe' driving?,Driving as fast as possible to save time,Driving in a way that is efficient and considerate,Driving only on electric power,Driving with the engine turned off downhill,B,Eco-safe driving saves fuel, reduces emissions, and improves road safety.																									
144,Safety and Your Vehicle,Why should you check your tyre walls for bulges or cracks?,They make the car look old,They can cause a dangerous high-speed blowout,They reduce the car's top speed,They are only a problem during the MOT,B,Damage to the side of a tyre is a sign of structural failure and is extremely dangerous.																									
145,Safety and Your Vehicle,What does it mean if your brake pedal feels 'spongy'?,The brakes are brand new,There may be air in the hydraulic system,The tyres are over-inflated,The handbrake is on,B,Spongy brakes are a serious safety issue and usually mean there is a leak or air in the brake lines.																									
146,Safety and Your Vehicle,What should you do before checking your coolant level?,Ensure the engine is running,Wait for the engine to cool down,Turn the heater on to maximum,Drive the car for at least 10 miles,B,Coolant is under pressure when hot. Opening the cap on a hot engine can cause an explosion of boiling liquid.																									
147,Safety and Your Vehicle,When must you use your parking lights?,When parked on a road with a speed limit of 40mph or more at night,Whenever you park in a car park,When you are parked on your own driveway,When you are waiting at a level crossing,A,In higher speed limit areas, you must leave parking lights on to ensure your car is visible to others.																									
148,Safety and Your Vehicle,What is the most common cause of a car's battery going flat?,Driving too much at night,Leaving the lights on when the car is parked,Using the windscreen wipers in heavy rain,Having the radio on while driving,B,Leaving electrical items on without the engine running to charge the battery will drain it quickly.																									
149,Safety and Your Vehicle,How can you tell if your shock absorbers are worn?,The car will stop more quickly,The car will bounce significantly when pushed down and released,The steering will feel very heavy,The tyres will wear evenly,B,Worn shock absorbers don't dampen the spring movement, causing the car to bounce and lose grip.																									
150,Safety and Your Vehicle,Why is it important to keep your windows clean?,To make the car look shiny,To ensure you have an unobstructed view of the road,To prevent the car from rusting,To help the windscreen wipers last longer,B,Dirty windows cause glare and can hide small hazards like cyclists or pedestrians.																									
151,Safety and Your Vehicle,What should you do if a dashboard warning light comes on while driving?,Wait until you get home to check it,Stop as soon as it is safe and consult the vehicle handbook,Ignore it if the car still feels fine,Cover it with a piece of tape,B,Warning lights (especially red ones) usually require immediate attention to prevent damage or accidents.																									
152,Safety and Your Vehicle,How can you improve the security of your car at night?,Leave the windows slightly open for ventilation,Park in a well-lit area,Leave your logbook in the glovebox,Leave a spare key under the wheel arch,B,Lighting is a natural deterrent for thieves.																									
153,Safety and Your Vehicle,What happens if you use the 'kick-down' in an automatic car?,The car slows down quickly,The car stays in a higher gear,The car selects a lower gear for faster acceleration,The engine turns off,C,Kick-down is used for quick bursts of speed, such as when overtaking.																									
154,Safety and Your Vehicle,When should you use your horn?,To let a friend know you have arrived,To warn other road users of your presence,To show your annoyance at a slow driver,To signal that you have right of way,B,The horn is only for warning of danger or making others aware you are there.																									
155,Safety and Your Vehicle,What should you do if your car starts to 'aquaplane' in heavy rain?,Brake hard immediately,Ease off the accelerator and do not steer sharply,Speed up to get through the water,Turn the steering wheel from side to side,B,Aquaplaning is when tyres lift off the road on a thin film of water. Sudden braking or steering will cause a skid.																									
156,Safety and Your Vehicle,How much can you be fined for having a tyre with insufficient tread?,Up to 100,Up to 1000 per tyre,Up to 2500 per tyre and 3 points,Nothing if it's a spare tyre,C,Tyre safety is taken very seriously. You can be fined and get points for each illegal tyre on the car.																									
157,Safety and Your Vehicle,What is the best way to clear ice from your windscreen?,Pour boiling water over it,Use a proper scraper or de-icer spray,Wait for the sun to melt it,Use a metal spatula from the kitchen,B,Boiling water can crack the glass. Always use appropriate tools to ensure a clear view.																									
158,Safety and Your Vehicle,Why should you keep your registration plates clean?,To avoid a fine and ensure the car is identifiable,To make the car look faster,To help the engine run better,To prevent them from falling off,A,It is a legal requirement that your number plates are clearly visible at all times.																									
159,Safety and Your Vehicle,What should you check after driving through deep water?,Your fuel level,Your brakes,Your mirrors,Your tyre pressure,B,Water can temporarily lubricate the brakes. Gently tap them at low speed to dry them out.																									
160,Safety and Your Vehicle,What should you do if your car's steering feels heavy?,Check the tyre pressures and power steering fluid,Change the oil,Replace the battery,Refill the screenwash,A,Heavy steering is usually caused by low tyre pressure or a fault in the power steering system.																									
161,Safety and Your Vehicle,How often should you check the fluid in your battery?,Every day,Every week,Only if it is a low-maintenance 'unsealed' type,Every time you wash the car,C,Most modern batteries are sealed and don't need topping up, but older types do.																									
162,Safety and Your Vehicle,Why should you avoid using the 'handbrake turn' technique?,It makes the car stop too fast,It causes unnecessary wear and can lead to loss of control,It is the best way to park,It saves fuel,B,The handbrake is a parking brake, not a tool for steering or emergency stopping.																									
163,Safety and Your Vehicle,When should you replace your windscreen wipers?,When they start to squeak,When they no longer clear the screen effectively,Once every five years,Only after the car fails its MOT,B,Worn wipers cause streaks and smears, which are dangerous when driving into sun glare or at night.																									
164,Safety and Your Vehicle,What is the purpose of the 'breakaway cable' on a trailer?,To make the trailer easier to park,To apply the trailer's brakes if it becomes detached from the car,To help with the electrical connection,To stop the trailer from swaying,B,This is a vital safety feature for anyone towing a trailer or caravan.																									
165,Safety and Your Vehicle,Where is the safest place to fit a rear-facing baby seat?,In the front seat with the airbag active,In the back seat,In the front seat with the airbag disabled,In the boot,B,The back seat is generally the safest place for children. If using the front, you **must** disable the passenger airbag.																									
166,Safety and Your Vehicle,What should you do if you smell petrol while driving?,Keep driving to the next garage,Stop as soon as it is safe and investigate the leak,Turn the radio up,Open all the windows and continue,B,A petrol smell indicates a leak, which is a significant fire risk.																									
167,Safety and Your Vehicle,How can you tell if your exhaust is leaking?,The car will be much quieter,You will hear a loud roaring or blowing noise from under the car,The car will use less fuel,The dashboard will show a 'Fuel Low' light,B,Exhaust leaks are usually easy to hear. They must be fixed to prevent poisonous gases from entering the car.																									
168,Safety and Your Vehicle,Why should you check your tyre pressures when they are cold?,Because the air expands when hot, giving a false high reading,Because tyres are easier to touch when cold,Because it is better for the pump,Because the law says so,A,Driving heats up the air inside the tyres, making the pressure appear higher than it actually is.																									
169,Safety and Your Vehicle,What can cause your engine to use more oil than usual?,Driving at high speeds,Worn engine components or a leak,Using the air conditioning,Having too many passengers,B,Excessive oil consumption is a sign that the engine needs mechanical attention.																									
170,Safety and Your Vehicle,How can you tell if your headlights are properly aligned?,The road ahead will be clearly lit without dazzling others,One light will be much brighter than the other,The car will use more electricity,The dashboard will show a blue light,A,Incorrectly aligned lights are a common MOT failure and can be very dangerous for oncoming drivers.																									
171,Safety and Your Vehicle,What is the benefit of using 'winter tyres'?,They are quieter on dry roads,They provide better grip in temperatures below 7 degrees,They allow you to drive faster in the snow,They never need to be inflated,B,Winter tyres are made of a softer compound that stays flexible in cold weather.																									
172,Hazard Awareness,What is the first sign of 'highway hypnosis'?,Increased alertness,A feeling of sleepiness or zoning out on long journeys,Faster reaction times,Improved mirror awareness,B,Monotonous driving on motorways can cause you to lose focus. Take a break as soon as you feel yourself 'zoning out.'																									
173,Hazard Awareness,What should you do when you see a ball bounce into the road?,Speed up to get past quickly,Stop and sound your horn,Slow down and be prepared for a child to follow it,Maintain your speed and look away,C,A bouncing ball is a classic 'hazard'always assume a child will run out after it without looking.																									
174,Hazard Awareness,You are driving past parked cars. What is the most likely hazard?,A car door opening suddenly,The road surface becoming slippery,A change in the speed limit,Your car's engine overheating,A,Always keep a car-door's width away from parked vehicles in case someone steps out or opens a door.																									
175,Hazard Awareness,Why should you slow down when driving past a stationary bus at a bus stop?,The bus might be broken down,Pedestrians may step out from behind or in front of the bus,The bus driver might want to talk to you,The road will be narrower,B,Pedestrians often cross the road immediately after getting off a bus and may be hidden from your view by the bus itself.																									
176,Hazard Awareness,What should you do when approaching a blind bend?,Stay in the middle of the road,Slow down and keep to the left,Sound your horn and maintain speed,Speed up to see around it sooner,B,Keeping to the left gives you the best view and protects you from oncoming vehicles that might be over the white line.																									
177,Hazard Awareness,How should you react to a driver who is tailgating you?,Brake hard to warn them,Speed up to increase the gap,Increase your following distance from the vehicle in front,Flash your hazard lights,C,By increasing the gap in front, you reduce the need for sudden braking, which protects you from being hit by the tailgater.																									
178,Hazard Awareness,What is a 'hidden hazard' at a junction?,The traffic lights,A cyclist or motorcyclist obscured by the windscreen pillar,The road markings,The color of the car in front,B,Windscreen pillars create blind spots. You should move your head to look around them at junctions.																									
179,Hazard Awareness,You are driving in a town. Why should you be extra careful of 'micro-mobility' users (e.g. e-scooters)?,They are very loud,They are fast and often difficult to see or hear,They always have right of way,They are only allowed on pavements,B,E-scooters and similar devices are quiet and small, making them easy to miss in mirrors or at junctions.																									
180,Hazard Awareness,What should you do if you see a pedestrian with a white cane and a red band?,Sound your horn to warn them,Slow down and be extra patient as they are both deaf and blind,Flash your lights to show you are there,Drive past them as quickly as possible,B,A red band on a white cane signifies a dual sensory impairment. They may not hear or see you at all.																									
181,Hazard Awareness,Why is it dangerous to 'coast' (driving in neutral or with the clutch down)?,It uses more fuel,You have less steering control and no engine braking,It wears out the tyres,It makes the engine too loud,B,Engine braking helps control your speed, especially on hills. Coasting takes away that control.																									
182,Hazard Awareness,What is the main hazard when following a large vehicle in the rain?,The vehicle's noise,The spray from the tyres reducing your visibility,The vehicle's slow speed,The vehicle's brake lights being too bright,B,Spray can completely block your view of the road ahead. Stay well back to see clearly.																									
183,Hazard Awareness,You are approaching a bridge. What hazard should you look for?,A change in the fuel price,High-sided vehicles in the middle of the road,The radio signal dropping out,A police speed trap,B,Large vehicles may need to use the center of the road to fit under an arched bridge.																									
184,Hazard Awareness,How does alcohol affect your driving?,It makes you more confident but less safe,It improves your coordination,It helps you react faster,It has no effect if you only have one drink,A,Alcohol reduces your judgment and reaction speed while often making you feel like you are driving better than you are.																									
185,Hazard Awareness,What should you do when driving through a residential area at night?,Use full-beam headlights at all times,Sound your horn at every junction,Stay alert for pedestrians in dark clothing,Drive at the maximum speed limit,C,Dark clothing makes pedestrians very hard to see. Drive slowly and use dipped headlights.																									
186,Hazard Awareness,What is a hazard associated with 'junction hopping' (cutting across lanes)?,It saves fuel,Other drivers may not expect your move, leading to collisions,It is the fastest way to travel,It is recommended by the Highway Code,B,Sudden lane changes without proper observation are a leading cause of urban accidents.																									
187,Hazard Awareness,You see a cyclist ahead. What should you do as you prepare to overtake?,Sound your horn to move them over,Give them as much room as you would a car,Drive as close as possible to save space,Overtake on a blind bend,B,Cyclists may need to swerve to avoid potholes or wind gusts. Space is their only protection.																									
188,Hazard Awareness,What is the main danger of driving while tired?,You might get a headache,You will arrive late,Your reaction times will be much slower and you could fall asleep,You will use more fuel,C,Tiredness is a major factor in fatal motorway accidents. Stop and rest.																									
189,Hazard Awareness,Why should you be careful when passing a row of parked cars on the left?,The road surface is always better there,A passenger might step out from the 'blind side' of a parked car,You might get a flat tyre,There are no hazards in this situation,B,Always look for 'clues' like feet under cars or exhaust smoke that suggest a car or person is about to move.																									
190,Hazard Awareness,What should you do if you see a hazard ahead?,Speed up to get past it,Brake hard immediately,Check your mirrors and assess the risk,Turn off your engine,C,Mirror checks allow you to see how your reaction to the hazard will affect those behind you.																									
191,Hazard Awareness,How can you identify a 'clue' that a parked car is about to move?,The car is a bright color,There is a person in the driver's seat and the front wheels are turned out,The car is parked on a hill,The car has a roof rack,B,Wheels turned toward the road and a person in the seat are strong indicators that the vehicle is about to pull out.																									
192,Hazard Awareness,What is the danger of 'over-driving' your headlights?,The battery will go flat,You cannot stop within the distance you can see to be clear,The bulbs will blow,You will dazzle yourself,B,At night, you must be able to stop in the area lit by your headlights. If you go too fast, you're driving 'blind' into the darkness.																									
193,Hazard Awareness,What should you do when approaching a ford (water crossing)?,Drive through as fast as possible,Check the depth and drive through slowly in a low gear,Drive through in a high gear,Turn around and find another way even if it's shallow,B,Deep water can stall your engine. Test your brakes immediately after exiting the water.																									
194,Hazard Awareness,Why are motorcyclists more vulnerable at junctions?,They are faster than cars,They are smaller and harder to see,They always have the right of way,They don't have to stop at junctions,B,The 'Think Bike' campaign highlights that drivers often look but fail to see a motorcycle because of its small profile.																									
195,Hazard Awareness,You are driving in a tunnel. What is a potential hazard?,Sudden changes in light levels,The road being perfectly straight,A lack of traffic signs,The radio being too loud,A,Your eyes take time to adjust to the dark of a tunnel and the brightness when exiting.																									
196,Hazard Awareness,What does a 'staggered junction' mean?,The road is uneven,The side roads do not line up directly opposite each other,It is a junction for horses only,The speed limit changes,B,Be careful at these junctions as traffic may be emerging from different angles than a standard crossroads.																									
197,Hazard Awareness,What is the risk of taking cold remedies before driving?,They make you more focused,They can cause drowsiness and impaired judgment,They are illegal to buy,They have no effect on driving,B,Even 'over-the-counter' medicines can make you unfit to drive. Always read the label.																									
198,Hazard Awareness,Why should you be cautious of 'bends' in the road during autumn?,The scenery is distracting,Wet leaves can make the road as slippery as ice,The sun is always in your eyes,There is more traffic on the road,B,Wet leaves reduce tyre grip significantly. Slow down before entering the bend.																									
199,Hazard Awareness,What is the hazard when you see a 'School' sign?,Children may run out into the road,The road will be closed,You must stop and wait for 5 minutes,Only teachers are allowed to drive there,A,Be prepared for unpredictable behavior from children near schools.																									
200,Hazard Awareness,What should you do if a driver emerges unexpectedly from a side road?,Sound your horn and stay close,Brake and stay calm,Speed up to block them,Flash your lights and shout,B,Do not make a bad situation worse. React safely and move on.																									
201,Hazard Awareness,Why is it a hazard to drive with your interior light on at night?,It drains the battery instantly,It reflects in the windscreen and reduces your view outside,It is illegal in all circumstances,It makes the car too warm,B,Interior lights cause glare on the glass, making it much harder to see the dark road ahead.																									
202,Hazard Awareness,What is the danger of 'following the tail-lights' of the car ahead in fog?,You will get home faster,You might follow them if they crash or pull off the road,It is the safest way to drive,The lights will help you see the road surface,B,If the car in front makes a mistake, you will follow them into it. Keep your own safe distance and watch the road markings.																									
203,Hazard Awareness,How does 'road rage' affect your hazard awareness?,It makes you more alert to danger,It narrows your focus and leads to poor decision making,It improves your reaction time,It has no effect on your driving,B,Anger takes your mind off the road and makes you ignore potential hazards.																									
204,Hazard Awareness,What should you do if you see a 'Low Bridge' sign ahead and you are driving a tall vehicle?,Speed up to get under it quickly,Stop and check your vehicle's height against the sign,Ignore it if you've been that way before,Drive in the middle of the road,B,Striking a bridge is a serious incident that causes massive delays and safety risks.																									
205,Hazard Awareness,What is the main hazard on a country road at night?,A lack of traffic lights,Animals or pedestrians on the road without pavement,The road being too wide,The speed limit being too low,B,Country roads are often unlit and have no pavements; be ready for people or wildlife in the road.																									
206,Hazard Awareness,Why should you check your mirrors before signaling?,To see if your indicators are working,To see how your signal will affect other road users,To check the fuel level,To look at the passengers,B,Never signal without knowing if someone is already trying to overtake you.																									
207,Hazard Awareness,What is the hazard of 'sun dazzling' in the late afternoon?,It makes the car too hot,It can completely hide traffic lights or hazards ahead,It improves visibility,It only affects older drivers,B,Use your sun visor and keep your windscreen clean to reduce the 'veil' effect of sun glare.																									
208,Hazard Awareness,You are following a learner. They stall at a green light. What is the hazard?,They might reverse into you,Traffic behind you might get impatient and take risks,The lights will turn red,All of the above,D,A stalled car creates a chain reaction of hazards. Stay back and be patient.																									
209,Hazard Awareness,What is the risk of using 'hands-free' phones while driving?,The phone might fall on the floor,The mental distraction still exists,It is illegal to use them,They use too much battery,B,The human brain struggles to process a complex conversation and a complex driving environment at the same time.																									
210,Hazard Awareness,What should you do if you see a sign for 'Cattle'?,Speed up to get past,Slow down and be prepared to stop,Sound your horn to move them,Stop and take a photo,B,Livestock are easily startled and can cause significant damage to your car and themselves.																									
211,Hazard Awareness,Why is 'aquaplaning' a hazard?,It makes the car easier to steer,The tyres lose contact with the road and you lose all control,It cleans the underside of the car,It only happens to old cars,B,If you feel the steering go light in rain, ease off the gas and don't brake.																									
212,Hazard Awareness,What should you do if you are approaching a junction and the lights are on 'Amber'?,Speed up to beat the red light,Stop unless it is unsafe to do so,Continue at the same speed,Sound your horn and go through,B,Amber means 'Stop' at the line. You should only cross if you have already passed the line or are so close that stopping would cause an accident.																									
213,Hazard Awareness,What is the hazard when you are turning right from a major road into a minor road?,Oncoming traffic,Traffic overtaking you on the right,Pedestrians crossing the minor road,All of the above,D,Right turns are high-risk maneuvers. Check your mirrors and blind spots carefully.																									
214,Hazard Awareness,Why are 'trams' a specific hazard?,They are very small,They cannot move out of your way as they are on rails,They only travel at night,They have no lights,B,Trams are silent and follow a fixed path. Always give them plenty of room.																									
215,Hazard Awareness,What is the hazard when driving past a school bus with hazard lights on?,The bus is about to move off,Children are likely to be crossing the road near the bus,The bus is broken down,The driver is changing a tyre,B,Hazard lights on a school bus are a warning that children are boarding or alighting.																									
216,Hazard Awareness,What should you do if you see a 'Road Works' sign?,Drive faster to get past the dust,Slow down and obey any temporary speed limits,Ignore it if no workers are visible,Turn your lights off,B,Speed limits in road works are for the safety of the workers and because the road surface may be uneven.																									
217,Hazard Awareness,Why is it a hazard to leave your indicators on after completing a turn?,It will drain the battery,It misleads other road users about your intentions,It is a sign of a good driver,It makes the car go slower,B,A misleading signal can cause someone to pull out in front of you, thinking you are turning.																									
218,Hazard Awareness,What is the danger of a 'soft verge' on a country road?,It is a good place to park,Your car could sink or you could lose control if you drive on it,It is softer for the tyres,It is meant for cyclists only,B,Keep to the paved road. If you have to move over for a wide vehicle, be very careful of the edge.																									
219,Hazard Awareness,How can you reduce hazards when driving in the dark?,Use your full beams even when following cars,Keep your speed down and increase your following distance,Drive in the middle of the road,Wear sunglasses to prevent glare,B,Darkness limits your 'hazard window' (how far ahead you can see). Compensate by slowing down.																									
220,Hazard Awareness,What should you do if you are following a vehicle and you want to see further ahead?,Drive closer to the vehicle,Drop back further,Move to the right,Flash your lights,B,Increasing the gap between you and the vehicle in front is the best way to improve your view of the road ahead.																									
221,Hazard Awareness,What should you do if you enter a tunnel and your vision is momentarily lost?,Brake hard immediately,Maintain a steady speed and keep in your lane while your eyes adjust,Close your eyes to help them adjust faster,Turn on your hazard lights and stop,B,Abruptly changing speed in a tunnel is dangerous. Trust your lane position and wait for your pupils to dilate.																									
222,Hazard Awareness,Why is 'tailgating' particularly dangerous for a motorcyclist?,They can stop much faster than cars,The wind from your car could knock them over,They cannot see your brake lights,It is not dangerous,B,Motorcycles are light and easily affected by the air pressure from a car following too closely.																									
223,Hazard Awareness,What hazard does a 'level crossing' pose?,The risk of a collision with a train,The road surface is always slippery,You must always stop for 10 minutes,There are no hazards if the barriers are up,A,Trains cannot stop quickly. Always obey the lights and barriers.																									
224,Hazard Awareness,What should you do if you see an elderly person crossing the road slowly?,Sound your horn to hurry them up,Be patient and wait for them to finish crossing,Drive around them as quickly as possible,Flash your lights at them,B,Always give vulnerable road users the time and space they need.																									
225,Hazard Awareness,What is the hazard of a 'leaking fuel cap'?,It makes the car smell nice,Spilled fuel (especially diesel) makes the road extremely slippery for others,It makes the car faster,It only affects the fuel gauge,B,Diesel spills are like ice for motorcyclists. Ensure your cap is on tight.																									
226,Hazard Awareness,Why should you check your blind spot before changing lanes?,To see if the indicators are on,To check for vehicles that are not visible in the mirrors,To look at the road signs,To check the tyre pressure,B,A mirror cannot see everything. A quick head check is essential.																									
227,Hazard Awareness,What hazard is represented by a 'triangular sign' with a red border?,An order you must follow,A warning of a potential hazard ahead,Information about the road,A parking zone,B,Triangles are always warnings. Pay attention to the symbol inside.																									
228,Hazard Awareness,What should you do if your steering suddenly feels heavy?,Speed up to help the power steering,Check your tyre pressures and power steering fluid,Ignore it until the next service,Turn the radio off,B,Heavy steering usually indicates a mechanical failure or a flat tyre.																									
229,Safety Margins,You are following a vehicle on a wet road. What is the minimum time gap you should leave?,Two seconds,Four seconds,Six seconds,Ten seconds,B,In wet weather your stopping distance is doubled, so you should increase the two-second rule to at least four seconds.																									
230,Safety Margins,What is the typical stopping distance at 50 mph?,36 metres (118 feet),53 metres (175 feet),75 metres (245 feet),96 metres (315 feet),B,At 50 mph, the average car takes about 53 metres to come to a full stop (including thinking distance).																									
231,Safety Margins,How should you drive when there is surface water on the road?,Brake hard to clear the water,Speed up to stay on top of the water,Drive at a lower speed in a high gear,Drive at a lower speed in a low gear,D,Using a low gear helps maintain traction and control when driving through water.																									
232,Safety Margins,What should you do if you are being followed too closely by a driver on a icy road?,Brake sharply to warn them,Speed up to get away,Increase your following distance from the vehicle in front,Switch on your hazard lights,C,On ice, stopping distances can be ten times greater. Increasing the gap in front gives you more room to slow down gradually.																									
233,Safety Margins,What is 'thinking distance'?,The distance your car travels while you are braking,The distance your car travels from the moment you see a hazard until you hit the brakes,The distance between your car and the car in front,The length of the car,B,Thinking distance is the time it takes for your brain to react to a hazard and physically move your foot to the brake pedal.																									
234,Safety Margins,How does 'aquaplaning' happen?,When the tyres are too hot,When a layer of water builds up between the tyres and the road,When you use the handbrake while moving,When the road is dry and dusty,B,This causes the steering to feel light because the tyres are no longer touching the actual road surface.																									
235,Safety Margins,What should you do if your car starts to aquaplane?,Brake hard and steer into the skid,Ease off the accelerator and keep the steering wheel straight,Shift into neutral,Apply the handbrake gently,B,Do not brake or steer suddenly, as this will cause a violent skid once the tyres regain grip.																									
236,Safety Margins,What is the minimum gap you should leave when following a vehicle on an icy road?,Two seconds,Four seconds,Ten seconds,Twenty seconds,D,The Highway Code recommends increasing your gap by up to ten times in icy conditions.																									
237,Safety Margins,You are driving in heavy rain. Why is it important to stay well back from a large vehicle?,To help the driver see you,To avoid the spray from their tyres,To get a better view of the scenery,To save fuel,B,Large vehicles throw up massive amounts of spray that can completely blind you if you are too close.																									
238,Safety Margins,What's the best way to dry your brakes after driving through a deep puddle?,Drive as fast as possible,Brake hard several times,Apply gentle pressure to the brake pedal while moving slowly,Wait for them to dry naturally,C,Gently 'tapping' the brakes helps generate heat to evaporate the moisture.																									
239,Safety Margins,How much can thinking distance increase if you are tired?,It will not change,It will be halved,It can be doubled or more,It only increases in the rain,C,Tiredness slows your brain's processing speed, meaning you travel much further before even touching the brakes.																									
240,Safety Margins,What is the 'Overall Stopping Distance'?,Thinking distance plus braking distance,The distance you can see ahead,The distance you travel in one second,The braking distance only,A,The total distance it takes to stop is the sum of how long it takes you to react and how long it takes the car to physically stop.																									
241,Safety Margins,You are overtaking a cyclist. How much room should you give them?,At least as much as you would a car,About 12 inches,Only enough to clear their handlebars,None if they are in a cycle lane,A,Cyclists can be blown off course by a gust of wind or swerve to avoid a pothole.																									
242,Safety Margins,When should you use your rear fog lights?,Whenever it is raining,Only when visibility is seriously reduced to less than 100 metres,When you are driving on a motorway at night,To warn a tailgater to back off,B,Using fog lights when it isn't foggy can dazzle other drivers and obscure your brake lights.																									
243,Safety Margins,What should you do before entering a long tunnel?,Turn your radio off,Switch on your headlights (dipped beam),Close all your windows,Put your hazard lights on,B,Even if the tunnel is lit, you need your headlights so others can see you and to see into dark spots.																									
244,Safety Margins,What does it mean if the steering feels 'light' while driving in heavy rain?,The car is performing well,The tyres have lost grip on the road (aquaplaning),The power steering fluid is low,The road surface is new,B,If this happens, ease off the gas and do not steer until you feel grip return.																									
245,Safety Margins,How can you help prevent 'highway hypnosis' on a long motorway journey?,Drive faster to stay awake,Listen to very loud music,Take regular breaks at least every two hours,Keep the heater on high,C,A 15-minute break every two hours is the recommended minimum to stay alert.																									
246,Safety Margins,What is the danger of 'coasting'?,The car will speed up too much,It uses more fuel,You have less steering and braking control,The engine will overheat,C,Coasting (driving in neutral or with the clutch down) removes engine braking, which is vital for controlling speed on hills.																									
247,Safety Margins,You are driving on a motorway in bridge crosswinds. Which vehicles are most at risk?,Low-slung sports cars,Motorcyclists and high-sided vehicles,Large estates,Tractors,B,Wind can easily blow a bike or a lorry out of its lane. Give them extra space.																									
248,Safety Margins,What is the 'two-second rule' used for?,To check your reaction time,To maintain a safe following distance on a dry road,To see how long it takes to change gear,To time how long a traffic light stays amber,B,You should pass a stationary object (like a lamp post) at least two seconds after the car in front.																									
249,Safety Margins,How does your car's weight affect its stopping distance?,It has no effect,A heavier car takes longer to stop,A heavier car stops more quickly,It only affects the thinking distance,B,The more mass a vehicle has, the more energy is required to stop it.																									
250,Safety Margins,What should you do if you are following a car that is spraying your windscreen with mud?,Follow closer so the spray goes over you,Switch on your wipers and increase your following distance,Sound your horn and flash your lights,Turn your lights off,B,Increasing the gap reduces the amount of dirt hitting your screen and gives you better vision.																									
251,Safety Margins,Which of these would increase your braking distance?,New tyres,Driving uphill,A heavy load in the car,A dry road surface,C,Extra weight in the vehicle increases the momentum, meaning the brakes have to work harder and longer.																									
252,Safety Margins,What is the main hazard when driving in falling snow?,The car will get dirty,Reduced visibility and extremely low tyre grip,The engine will get too cold,The car will use too much fuel,B,Snow requires very gentle control and much lower speeds than usual.																									
253,Safety Margins,What should you do if you lose your way in a busy town?,Stop in the middle of the road to check your map,Turn around in the middle of a junction,Drive into a side road or quiet area to check your map/GPS,Ask a pedestrian while moving,C,Don't become a hazard to others because you are lost. Pull over safely.																									
254,Safety Margins,When descending a steep hill, how can you control your speed?,By staying in a high gear and braking hard,By selecting a lower gear and using the brakes carefully,By switching the engine off,By using the handbrake,B,The engine provides 'braking' in a lower gear, preventing the footbrakes from overheating.																									
255,Safety Margins,What color are the reflective studs between the motorway and the slip road?,White,Red,Green,Amber,C,Green studs mark the edge of the main carriageway at lay-bys and slip roads.																									
256,Safety Margins,Why should you keep well back from a large vehicle when approaching a junction?,So the driver can see you in their mirrors,To allow you to see the road ahead more clearly,To give the driver room if they need to move across before turning,All of the above,D,Large vehicles need a lot of space and have large blind spots.																									
257,Safety Margins,How should you react to a driver who has pulled out in front of you?,Flash your lights and sound your horn,Stay calm and adjust your speed to keep a safe gap,Follow them closely to show your annoyance,Overtake them immediately,B,Anticipate that others will make mistakes and be prepared to give them space.																									
258,Safety Margins,What should you do if your vehicle breaks down in a tunnel?,Leave the car and run to the exit,Switch on your hazard lights and use an emergency phone,Stay in the car with the engine running,Try to fix it yourself in the middle of the lane,B,Tunnels are dangerous places for breakdowns. Use the hazard lights and find the nearest emergency point.																									
259,Safety Margins,What is the purpose of 'rumble strips' on the road?,To make the car go faster,To alert you to a hazard like a roundabout or a dangerous junction,To prevent the car from skidding,To clean the tyres,B,Rumble strips provide a physical and audible warning to slow down.																									
260,Safety Margins,You are driving at night on an unlit road. When should you use your full-beam headlights?,At all times,Only when there is no oncoming traffic,Only when you are following another car,When you are in a built-up area,B,Full beams must be dipped as soon as you see oncoming traffic or are following another vehicle to avoid dazzling them.																									
261,Safety Margins,What should you do if you are dazzled by the sun?,Speed up to get through the glare,Slow down or stop if necessary,Close your eyes until it passes,Put your hazard lights on,B,If you can't see, you shouldn't be moving at speed.																									
262,Safety Margins,How much extra room should you give a motorcyclist when it is windy?,None, it doesn't affect them,A little bit more than a car,A lot of extra room as they can be blown across the lane,Less than a car because they are small,C,A strong side wind can push a motorcycle across the entire width of a lane.																									
263,Safety Margins,What is the first thing you should do if your car skids?,Brake hard,Turn the steering wheel into the direction of the skid,Switch off the engine,Close your eyes,B,Steering 'into' the skid (the way the back of the car is sliding) helps you regain control.																									
264,Safety Margins,When should you use your horn in a residential area?,To greet a friend,To warn other road users of your presence if a hazard occurs,To signal that you are angry,To tell someone to hurry up at a green light,B,The horn is for safety and warning, not for expressing emotion.																									
265,Safety Margins,What is the benefit of a 'Safe System' approach to road safety?,It makes the cars more expensive,It assumes humans will make mistakes and builds in safety margins to prevent death or injury,It removes the need for drivers to pay attention,It is only for motorways,B,The Safe System is about making the whole road environment more forgiving of human error.																									
266,Safety Margins,You are driving in fog. What should you do?,Keep your lights on full beam,Follow the tail-lights of the car in front very closely,Slow down and use dipped headlights and fog lights if needed,Drive at your usual speed if you know the road well,C,Speed and visibility are your main concerns in fog. Never assume the car in front knows where they are going.																									
267,Safety Margins,Why should you never follow a large vehicle too closely?,It is better for fuel economy,The driver cannot see you in their mirrors (the 'blind spot'),It makes it easier to overtake,It protects your car from the wind,B,If you are too close, you are invisible to the driver. Always make sure you can see their wing mirrors.																									
268,Safety Margins,What should you do if you see a pedestrian with a dog wearing a yellow or burgundy coat?,The dog is a stray,The pedestrian is a trainer,The pedestrian is deaf,The dog is just cold,C,Specific colored coats/harnesses on dogs often indicate that the owner has a hearing or visual impairment.																									
269,Safety Margins,What is the main danger of 'tailgating'?,You will use more fuel,You cannot see the road ahead and won't have time to stop if the car in front brakes,The car in front will go slower,It is the best way to keep traffic moving,B,Tailgating is the leading cause of rear-end collisions.																									
270,Safety Margins,How can you help the driver behind you if they are following too closely?,Brake hard several times,Speed up significantly,Increase your gap from the car in front,Stop in the middle of the road,C,By increasing the gap in front, you can brake more gently if a hazard appears, giving the tailgater more time to react.																									
271,Safety Margins,What should you do when approaching a ford after a heavy rainstorm?,Drive through as fast as possible,Check the depth gauge and use a low gear,Drive through in a high gear,Wait for another car to go through first and follow them closely,B,Fords can become deep and fast-moving very quickly after rain.																									
272,Safety Margins,What should you do if you are driving on a motorway and you miss your exit?,Reverse back up the hard shoulder,Do a U-turn at the next emergency gap,Continue to the next exit,Stop and wait for the police to help you,C,Reversing or U-turning on a motorway is extremely dangerous and illegal.																									
273,Safety Margins,Why should you be extra careful of motorcyclists at junctions?,They are faster than cars,They are smaller and can be hidden in your blind spots or by other vehicles,They don't have to follow traffic lights,They always have the right of way,B,Always perform a 'double take' at junctions to check for bikes.																									
274,Safety Margins,How should you use your mirrors when you are planning to change speed or direction?,Check them after you have signaled,Check them once and then move,Check them early and often (Mirror-Signal-Manoeuvre),Don't check them if you are in a hurry,C,The MSM routine is the foundation of safe driving.																									
275,Safety Margins,What should you do if you are driving in a town and you see a cyclist looking over their shoulder?,Speed up to pass them quickly,Be prepared for them to turn or change lanes,Sound your horn,Ignore them,B,Looking over the shoulder (the 'lifesaver' check) usually means they are about to make a move.																									
276,Safety Margins,When is it particularly important to check your oil level?,Every time you get fuel,Before a long, high-speed journey,Only during the MOT,Only if the engine makes a loud noise,B,High-speed driving puts more stress on the engine and uses more oil.																									
277,Safety Margins,How can you reduce the risk of your car's engine overheating in a traffic jam?,Turn the air conditioning up to maximum,Turn the heater on to draw heat away from the engine,Keep the engine revving high,Keep your foot on the brake,B,It might be uncomfortable for you, but putting the car's heater on full blast helps cool the engine coolant.																									
278,Safety Margins,What should you do if your anti-lock brakes (ABS) warning light comes on while driving?,It's a warning to drive faster,Ignore it as the brakes will still work,Have it checked immediately as a safety system has failed,It means the brakes are working perfectly,C,While the normal brakes will likely work, the system that prevents skidding in an emergency may be disabled.																									
279,Safety Margins,Why are 'Level Crossings' a hazard?,There is a risk of collision with a train,The road is always bumpy,You have to wait for an hour,They are only for steam trains,A,Always obey the lights and alarms. Never enter a crossing if your exit isn't clear.																									
280,Safety Margins,How should you pass a horse and rider?,Pass wide and slow,Pass as fast as possible to get it over with,Sound your horn to let them know you are there,Rev your engine,A,Horses are easily frightened and can be very dangerous if they bolt.																									
281,Safety Margins,What is the benefit of a safe following distance?,You can see the road ahead better,You have more time to react to hazards,You can stop safely if the vehicle in front brakes suddenly,All of the above,D,Safety margins provide the time and space you need to stay in control.																									
282,Safety Margins,When should you increase your two-second gap?,In the rain (to 4 seconds),In icy weather (to 20 seconds),When following a large vehicle,All of the above,D,Any condition that reduces your grip or your visibility requires a larger safety margin.																									
283,Safety Margins,What should you do if you feel your car pulling to one side when you brake?,Check your tyre pressures and have the brakes checked by a professional,Speed up,Nothing, it's normal on old cars,Brake harder,A,Pulling to one side indicates a serious fault with either your tyres or your braking system.																									
284,Safety Margins,What is the safest way to carry a load in your car?,On the passenger's lap,Loose in the footwell,Securely fastened and ideally in the boot,On the roof without a rack,C,Loose items can become deadly projectiles in a collision.																									
285,Safety Margins,What should you do if you are driving on a dual carriageway and a car is trying to join from a slip road?,Speed up to prevent them from joining,Maintain your speed and ignore them,Move to the right-hand lane if it is safe to allow them in,Brake hard,C,Helping others to merge keeps the traffic flowing smoothly and safely.																									
286,Vulnerable Road Users,Which road users are most at risk in even light winds?,Bus drivers,Lorry drivers and cyclists,Car drivers,Tractor drivers,B,Cyclists and motorcyclists can be blown off course by a single gust of wind. Give them extra space.																									
287,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do when you see a pedestrian with a white cane?,Sound your horn to let them know you are there,Give them plenty of room as they are blind,Flash your lights at them,Speed up to get past quickly,B,A white cane signifies the pedestrian is blind. Be patient and do not make sudden noises.																									
288,Vulnerable Road Users,Why should you be extra careful of children near a parked ice-cream van?,They might be loud,They may run across the road without looking,The van might move off quickly,They will be distracted by their ice cream,B,Children are easily distracted by treats and often forget to look for traffic.																									
289,Vulnerable Road Users,You are turning left into a side road. A pedestrian is already crossing that road. What should you do?,Sound your horn to tell them to stop,Wait and give way to the pedestrian,Drive around them,Flash your lights at them,B,Pedestrians who have already started to cross a side road into which you are turning have priority.																									
290,Vulnerable Road Users,How should you pass a horse and rider?,As quickly as possible,With a loud rev of the engine,Slowly and with plenty of room,Sounding your horn as you pass,C,Horses are unpredictable and easily spooked. Pass wide and slow (usually under 10mph).																									
291,Vulnerable Road Users,Why are motorcyclists more at risk at junctions?,They are faster than cars,They are smaller and can be hidden by larger vehicles or pillars,They do not have to stop at junctions,They always wear dark clothing,B,The small profile of a motorcycle makes it much harder to judge their speed and distance.																									
292,Vulnerable Road Users,What does it mean if a pedestrian is carrying a white cane with a red band?,They are blind,They are deaf,They are both deaf and blind,They are a senior citizen,C,This specific cane signifies a dual sensory impairment. They may not see or hear you.																									
293,Vulnerable Road Users,You are following a cyclist as you approach a roundabout. They stay in the left-hand lane but signal right. What should you do?,Sound your horn,Overtake them on the right,Give them plenty of room as they may stay in the left lane to go all the way around,Assume they have forgotten to cancel their signal,C,Cyclists are allowed to stay in the left lane for safety even when turning right at a roundabout.																									
294,Vulnerable Road Users,Who is most likely to be affected by 'buffeting' when a large vehicle passes them?,Car drivers,Motorcyclists,Lorry drivers,Bus passengers,B,The air pressure from a large vehicle can push a motorcyclist or cyclist sideways.																									
295,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do when approaching a pedestrian crossing and the lights are flashing amber?,Speed up to get through,Stop and wait for the lights to turn green,Give way to any pedestrians already on the crossing,Sound your horn to warn pedestrians,C,Flashing amber at a pelican crossing means you must give way to pedestrians on the crossing, but can go if it is clear.																									
296,Vulnerable Road Users,Why should you look for motorcyclists when you are in a traffic queue?,They might be trying to squeeze through the gap between lanes (filtering),They might steal your wing mirror,They are trying to race you,They are not allowed in traffic queues,A,Motorcyclists often 'filter' through slow traffic. Check your mirrors before changing position or opening a door.																									
297,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do if you see a group of people led by a person carrying a white light at the front and a red light at the back?,Ignore them,They are a group of organized marchers; pass them with care,Speed up to get past the obstruction,Sound your horn to make them move,B,At night, an organized walk on the road must show these lights. Treat them as a slow-moving hazard.																									
298,Vulnerable Road Users,What color is a 'dog's coat' or harness if it is a guide dog for a deaf person?,Yellow,Burgundy or yellow,Bright blue,Green,B,Recognizing these colors helps you identify that the pedestrian may not hear your engine or horn.																									
299,Vulnerable Road Users,How much room should you give a cyclist when overtaking in 30mph limits?,At least 1.5 metres,At least 6 inches,The width of a wing mirror,Only as much as is needed to clear them,A,The Highway Code recommends at least 1.5 metres of space when overtaking at speeds up to 30mph.																									
300,Vulnerable Road Users,Why are older pedestrians more at risk?,They may be faster than you think,They may have difficulty judging the speed of approaching vehicles,They always have the right of way,They prefer to cross on bends,B,Reduced eyesight or hearing can make it harder for elderly people to judge how far away a car is.																									
301,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do if you see a cyclist looking over their shoulder?,Speed up to pass them,Prepare for them to move out or turn,Sound your horn,Ignore them,B,This 'lifesaver' check is a clear signal that the cyclist is planning to change direction.																									
302,Vulnerable Road Users,When should you be particularly careful of cyclists?,When you are driving on a motorway,When you are opening your car door,When the road is perfectly straight,When it is a sunny day,B,Always check your blind spot for cyclists before opening your door (the 'Dutch Reach' is recommended).																									
303,Vulnerable Road Users,What is the hazard when you see a 'School' sign?,The road will be closed,Children may run out from between parked cars,You must stop and wait,Only teachers can drive there,B,Children have limited perception of danger. Be prepared for the unexpected.																									
304,Vulnerable Road Users,Why should you check for motorcyclists before turning right into a side road?,They might be overtaking you on the right,They might be in the side road,They are faster than cars,They have no lights,A,It is a common accident for a car to turn right into the path of an overtaking motorcyclist.																									
305,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do if you see an ambulance behind you with blue flashing lights?,Stop in the middle of the road,Pull over safely as soon as you can to let it pass,Speed up to stay ahead,Follow it closely to get through traffic,B,Help emergency vehicles by clearing a path, but do not break the law or put yourself in danger to do so.																									
306,Vulnerable Road Users,A person in a wheelchair is crossing the road. What should you do?,Sound your horn to tell them to hurry,Be patient and give them time to cross,Drive around them,Flash your lights at them,B,Wheelchair users may take longer to cross. Be patient and wait until they are safely on the pavement.																									
307,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do if you see a sheep or a horse on the road?,Sound your horn,Slow down and be ready to stop,Rev your engine,Flash your lights,B,Animals are easily startled. Give them room and do not make sudden noises.																									
308,Vulnerable Road Users,Why is it dangerous to wave a pedestrian across a road?,They might not see you,Another vehicle may be coming that they can't see,It is against the law,It makes you look impatient,B,Your wave might lead them into the path of an overtaking vehicle or a car coming from the other direction.																									
309,Vulnerable Road Users,What is the risk of following a large vehicle too closely at a junction?,You will get home faster,You cannot see pedestrians or cyclists who may be crossing the road,The vehicle will block the wind,It is better for fuel economy,B,Large vehicles block your vision. Stay back to see the 'big picture' of the junction.																									
310,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do when passing a school bus that has stopped to let children off?,Speed up to get past quickly,Be alert for children crossing the road in front of or behind the bus,Sound your horn continuously,Drive as close as possible,B,Children often run across the road immediately after getting off the bus.																									
311,Vulnerable Road Users,How can you help a cyclist at a set of traffic lights?,Stop as close to them as possible,Leave them plenty of room and don't try to squeeze past,Sound your horn when the light turns green,Flash your lights to tell them to go,B,Cyclists need space to move off as they may be wobbly or slow to start.																									
312,Vulnerable Road Users,Why should you take extra care when passing a cyclist in wet weather?,The cyclist will be faster,The road surface may be slippery and the cyclist could slip or swerve,The cyclist will be wearing a raincoat,Water spray doesn't affect cyclists,B,Puddles and slippery markings can cause a cyclist to lose balance. Give them extra room.																									
313,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do if you see a 'disabled' person in a powered wheelchair on the road?,Sound your horn,Treat them as a slow-moving vehicle and give them plenty of room,Force them onto the pavement,Speed up to get past,B,Powered wheelchairs (Category 3) are allowed on the road and should be treated with the same respect as a car.																									
314,Vulnerable Road Users,What's the main hazard when you are turning left into a side road?,Oncoming traffic,A cyclist coming up on your left-hand side,A car behind you,The speed limit changing,B,Always check your near-side mirror and blind spot for cyclists who may be continuing straight on.																									
315,Vulnerable Road Users,How should you drive in areas where there are many pedestrians?,At the maximum speed limit,With extra caution and at a lower speed,Sounding your horn every minute,Using full-beam headlights,B,In busy areas, being able to stop quickly is more important than the speed limit.																									
316,Vulnerable Road Users,What is a 'vulnerable road user'?,Someone who drives a tank,Someone who is more likely to be injured in a collision (e.g. pedestrians/cyclists),Someone who has no insurance,Someone who drives an electric car,B,These road users do not have the protection of a metal 'cage' around them.																									
317,Vulnerable Road Users,Why should you be careful when driving near a row of parked cars?,People might be hiding behind them to jump out,A child or pedestrian may step out from between the cars,The cars might all start at once,There are no hazards here,B,Always look for 'clues' like feet or heads visible through the windows of parked cars.																									
318,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do if you see a pedestrian who is looking undecided at the kerb?,Speed up so they don't cross,Slow down and be prepared to stop if they step out,Sound your horn to warn them,Flash your lights to tell them to cross,B,Anticipate that they might make a mistake or decide to cross suddenly.																									
319,Vulnerable Road Users,What color is a 'Level Crossing' light signal for pedestrians?,Blue,Red,Green,Amber,B,The red standing man or flashing red lights mean pedestrians must not cross.																									
320,Vulnerable Road Users,How can you tell if a person is a 'deaf' pedestrian?,They are wearing a red coat,They have a dog with a burgundy or yellow harness,They are carrying a blue cane,They are walking very fast,B,Specialized dog harnesses are a key visual clue for drivers.																									
321,Vulnerable Road Users,Why are 'trams' dangerous for cyclists?,The rails can catch the cyclist's tyres,Trams are very loud,Trams only travel on grass,Cyclists are not allowed near trams,A,Cyclists must cross tram tracks at a wide angle to avoid getting their wheels stuck in the grooves.																									
322,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do if you are driving and a ball bounces into the road?,Keep going at the same speed,Slow down and stop if necessary as a child may follow it,Speed up to avoid the ball,Sound your horn at the ball,B,The ball is a 'warning' of a child hazard.																									
323,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do if you are following a learner who is struggling to move off?,Tailgate them,Be patient and stay back,Sound your horn,Overtake them immediately on the left,B,Adding pressure to a learner increases the chance of them making more mistakes.																									
324,Vulnerable Road Users,Why should you be careful when passing a horse at night?,The horse will be sleeping,The rider and horse may be hard to see in dark clothing,Horses are faster at night,There are no horses at night,B,If you suspect horses are ahead, slow down and use your lights to scan the verges.																									
325,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do if you see a person with a white cane and a red band waiting to cross?,Sound your horn,Stop and allow them to cross when it is safe for them,Drive past quickly,Assume they are just out for a walk,B,They are both deaf and blind; they need extra time and your complete patience.																									
326,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do if you see a cyclist in the middle of the lane?,Sound your horn to tell them to move,Be patient and wait until it is safe to overtake with plenty of room,Force your way past,Flash your lights,B,Cyclists often take 'Primary Position' (the center of the lane) for safety at junctions or narrow spots.																									
327,Vulnerable Road Users,What is the danger of 'overshooting' a stop line at a junction?,You will get a fine,You might hit a pedestrian who is crossing the road,It saves time,It helps you see better,B,The stop line is there to keep you clear of the pedestrian crossing path.																									
328,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do when you see a 'Cattle' sign?,Speed up,Slow down and be prepared to stop,Sound your horn,Drive in the middle of the road,B,Livestock can be unpredictable and may be crossing the road just around the bend.																									
329,Vulnerable Road Users,How should you treat a moped rider with 'L' plates?,Ignore them,Give them plenty of space and be patient with their speed,Tailgate them to make them go faster,Sound your horn as you pass,B,L-plate riders are inexperienced and may be nervous in traffic.																									
330,Vulnerable Road Users,Why should you stay well back from a large vehicle at a junction?,To avoid their exhaust,To ensure the driver can see you and to give them room to turn,To save fuel,To get a better view of the sky,B,Large vehicles often need to swing out in the opposite direction before making a tight turn.																									
331,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do if you are driving near a park where children are playing?,Speed up,Drive slowly and be extra alert for children running into the road,Sound your horn every 10 seconds,Turn your radio up,B,Parks are high-risk zones for child pedestrians.																									
332,Vulnerable Road Users,What is the benefit of a 'Puffin Crossing'?,It has no lights,It uses sensors to detect when pedestrians have finished crossing,It is only for birds,It stays red for 5 minutes,B,Puffin crossings are safer because they won't turn green while someone is still slowly crossing.																									
333,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do when approaching a zebra crossing?,Speed up to get across before anyone reaches it,Slow down and be prepared to stop if anyone is waiting,Sound your horn to warn people,Only stop if someone is actually on the road,B,You should be looking for people approaching the crossing, not just those already on it.																									
334,Vulnerable Road Users,How can you protect a cyclist when you are turning left?,By overtaking them just before the turn,By staying behind them until they have passed the junction,By sounding your horn,By flashing your lights,B,'Left-hooking' a cyclist is a major cause of serious accidents. Wait behind them.																									
335,Vulnerable Road Users,Why should you be careful of 'delivery riders'?,They are always slow,They may be distracted by their GPS or under pressure to deliver quickly,They are not allowed on the road,They have no lights,B,Be aware that their focus may be divided between the road and their next delivery.																									
336,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do if you see an elderly person crossing the road very slowly?,Sound your horn,Be patient and allow them all the time they need,Drive around them,Rev your engine,B,Never rush a vulnerable road user.																									
337,Vulnerable Road Users,What color are the flashing lights on a 'Doctor's' car?,Blue,Green,Amber,Red,B,A green flashing light indicates a doctor on an emergency call. Give way if safe to do so.																									
338,Vulnerable Road Users,Why should you check your near-side mirror before turning left?,To check for overtaking cars,To check for cyclists or mopeds on your left,To see the kerb,To check the fuel,B,Cyclists often ride on the left; you must check they aren't there before you turn.																									
339,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do if a pedestrian is crossing the road and is partially blind?,Sound your horn to help them,Be patient and wait for them to finish crossing,Flash your lights,Drive past as close as possible,B,Always give extra time and space to those with disabilities.																									
340,Vulnerable Road Users,What's the main hazard on a country road at night?,A lack of shops,Pedestrians or animals in the road where there is no pavement,The road being too wide,The speed limit,B,Be prepared for hazards to appear suddenly in your headlight beam.																									
341,Vulnerable Road Users,How should you pass a group of cyclists?,Overtake one by one,Pass the whole group with as much room as you would give a car,Sound your horn to scatter them,Flash your lights,B,Treat a group of cyclists as one long vehicle and only overtake when you have a clear view of the road ahead.																									
342,Vulnerable Road Users,What should you do if you are driving and you feel tired?,Turn the radio up,Stop in a safe place and take a break,Drive faster to get home,Open the window slightly and keep going,B,Tiredness kills. A short nap and a coffee can save your life.																									
343,Other Types of Vehicle,Why should you stay well back when following a large vehicle?,To help your fuel consumption,To give yourself a better view of the road ahead,To stop the driver from getting angry,To stay in the vehicle's slipstream,B,If you follow a large vehicle too closely, it blocks your view of hazards or road signs ahead.																									
344,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do if you are following a large vehicle that is signaling to turn left but moving to the right?,Overtake it on the left,Stay well back and give it room,Sound your horn to warn the driver,Overtake it on the right,B,Large vehicles often need to swing out in the opposite direction to make a tight turn.																									
345,Other Types of Vehicle,Which vehicle is most likely to be affected by strong side winds?,A bicycle,A high-sided vehicle,A motorcycle,All of the above,D,All these vehicles are light or have a large surface area that can be pushed by a gust of wind.																									
346,Other Types of Vehicle,What color are the flashing lights on a slow-moving maintenance vehicle?,Blue,Green,Amber,Red,C,Amber flashing lights warn you of a slow-moving or stationary hazard.																									
347,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do when you see a bus signaling to pull away from a bus stop?,Speed up to get past it,Sound your horn and continue,Give way if it is safe to do so,Flash your lights to show you are there,C,The Highway Code tells you to give priority to buses when they are pulling away, provided it is safe.																									
348,Other Types of Vehicle,Why is it dangerous to overtake a lorry on a wet road?,The lorry might speed up,The spray from the lorry's tyres will make it hard to see,The lorry will be very loud,The road is wider there,B,Spray can completely obscure your vision. Ensure you have a clear view before starting to overtake.																									
349,Other Types of Vehicle,What does a 'tram' signal look like?,A red light,A white light on a black background,A green arrow,A flashing amber light,B,Trams have their own special light signals (often white bars or dots) which differ from standard traffic lights.																									
350,Other Types of Vehicle,How should you treat a vehicle with a green flashing light?,It is a police car,It is a doctor on an emergency call,It is a slow-moving tractor,It is a breakdown truck,B,Give way to doctors on emergency calls if you can do so safely.																									
351,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do if you are following a lorry with a 'Long Vehicle' sign that is approaching a mini-roundabout?,Overtake it immediately,Stay back and give it room to maneuver,Sound your horn,Drive as close as possible,B,Long vehicles may need to use the whole width of the roundabout to get around.																									
352,Other Types of Vehicle,Why are 'trams' particularly dangerous for cyclists?,They are very fast,The tracks can catch the cyclist's wheels,They have no brakes,They only run at night,B,Cyclists must cross tracks at a wide angle to avoid getting stuck in the grooves.																									
353,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do if an emergency vehicle with blue flashing lights is behind you?,Brake hard immediately,Pull over as soon as it is safe to do so,Speed up to get out of the way,Ignore it until it turns a corner,B,Help the emergency vehicle pass, but do not panic or break traffic laws.																									
354,Other Types of Vehicle,Why should you be extra careful when overtaking a horse-drawn vehicle?,The driver might be asleep,The horse may be easily spooked by the noise of your engine,The vehicle is wider than a car,It has no lights,B,Pass very slowly and give plenty of room to avoid frightening the animal.																									
355,Other Types of Vehicle,When you are following a large vehicle, why is it important to see its mirrors?,So you can see what the driver looks like,If you can see the mirrors, the driver can see you,To check if the mirrors are clean,To see the traffic behind the lorry,B,If you cannot see the driver's mirrors, you are in their 'blind spot'.																									
356,Other Types of Vehicle,What is the maximum speed limit for a powered wheelchair or mobility scooter on the road?,4 mph,8 mph,12 mph,15 mph,B,These vehicles are slow. Treat them with patience.																									
357,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do when a bus is at a stop and children are getting off?,Sound your horn,Drive past as fast as possible,Be prepared for children to run across the road,Stay 50 metres back,C,Children often cross the road without looking immediately after leaving a bus.																									
358,Other Types of Vehicle,You are on a dual carriageway. A large vehicle pulls out to overtake. What should you do?,Sound your horn and stay close,Ease off the accelerator and let it pull out,Flash your lights to show your annoyance,Speed up to block it,B,Large vehicles take longer to accelerate. Be patient.																									
359,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do if you see a 'Trams' sign?,Turn your radio off,Watch out for tram tracks and the silent approach of trams,Speed up to get ahead of them,Drive on the tracks to save space,B,Trams are very quiet and cannot steer out of your way.																									
360,Other Types of Vehicle,What does it mean if a lorry is flashing its right-hand indicator but staying in the left lane of a roundabout?,The indicator is faulty,The lorry is intending to turn right and needs the extra space,The driver is confused,The lorry is about to stop,B,Long vehicles must 'sweep' wide to avoid the rear wheels clipping the kerb.																									
361,Other Types of Vehicle,Why should you avoid 'undertaking' (passing on the left) a large vehicle?,It is faster,The driver has a massive blind spot on the left and may not see you,It uses more fuel,It is only allowed on Sundays,B,Passing on the left of a lorry is extremely dangerous near junctions.																									
362,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do if a tractor is pulling a long queue of traffic?,Sound your horn continuously,Wait for a safe place to overtake and be patient,Overtake on a blind bend,Tailgate the tractor,B,Tractors are slow but vital. Only overtake when it is safe and legal to do so.																									
363,Other Types of Vehicle,How can you help a large vehicle that is trying to turn into a narrow side road?,Speed up to get past,Stop and wait to give them the room they need,Sound your horn,Drive onto the pavement,B,Give them the space they need to complete the maneuver.																									
364,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do if you see a vehicle with blue flashing lights at a junction?,Pull out quickly to get ahead,Wait and allow the vehicle to pass,Sound your horn,Ignore it if your light is green,B,Even if you have the right of way, let emergency vehicles through.																									
365,Other Types of Vehicle,What is a common hazard when driving behind a moped?,They are very loud,They may be wobbly or slow to accelerate,They are only allowed on motorways,They don't have indicators,B,Mopeds are light and easily affected by wind or road surfaces.																									
366,Other Types of Vehicle,Why should you give way to a funeral procession?,Out of respect and because they often travel as a group,Because it is a legal requirement,Because the cars are very fast,Because they have special lights,A,It is polite and helps the procession stay together.																									
367,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do if a large vehicle's spray is making it hard to see?,Speed up to get past it,Turn your wipers to the fastest setting and drop back,Turn your lights off,Follow the lorry's tyre tracks,B,Dropping back increases the distance between you and the spray source.																									
368,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do when you see a vehicle with a flashing amber light on a dual carriageway?,Speed up,Be prepared to slow down as it may be a slow-moving vehicle,Ignore it,Turn your hazard lights on,B,Maintenance or recovery vehicles use amber lights for safety.																									
369,Other Types of Vehicle,How does a tram driver warn other road users of their presence?,By flashing their lights,By ringing a bell or 'gong',By shouting,By using a loud horn,B,Listen for the distinctive tram bell in city centers.																									
370,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do if you are following a lorry on a winding road?,Overtake on the next bend,Stay back so you can see the road ahead clearly,Tailgate to stay out of the wind,Flash your lights to tell them to speed up,B,Keep distance to check for safe overtaking opportunities.																									
371,Other Types of Vehicle,Which of these shouldn't use a motorway?,Double-decker buses,Cars towing a trailer,Powered wheelchairs,Motorcycles over 125cc,C,Powered wheelchairs and mobility scooters are not permitted on motorways.																									
372,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do as you approach a tram at a tram stop?,Speed up to pass before passengers get off,Watch for passengers crossing between the tram and the kerb,Sound your horn to warn passengers,Drive as close as possible to the tram,B,Passengers may step directly into the road when getting off a tram.																									
373,Other Types of Vehicle,You are following a large vehicle as it approaches a crossroads. It signals to turn left but moves out to the right. What should you do?,Overtake it on the left,Stay well back and wait for it to turn,Sound your horn,Overtake on the right,B,Large vehicles need space to turn. Do not try to move into the gap on the left.																									
374,Other Types of Vehicle,What does a flashing amber light on a vehicle mean?,It is an emergency doctor,It is a slow-moving vehicle,It is a breakdown recovery truck,It is a police car in a hurry,B,Maintenance vehicles or tractors use amber lights to warn of their slow speed.																									
375,Other Types of Vehicle,Why is it difficult to see a motorcyclist at a junction?,They are faster than cars,They are easily hidden by other vehicles or the car's door pillars,They don't use lights,They always wear camouflage,B,Motorcycles have a narrow profile, making them easy to miss.																									
376,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do when you are being overtaken by a large vehicle?,Speed up to make it harder,Maintain your speed or slow down slightly to help it pass,Flash your lights at the driver,Change lanes,B,Cooperation makes the road safer for everyone.																									
377,Other Types of Vehicle,Why should you keep a larger gap when following a large vehicle in the rain?,The lorry is slower,The spray makes it hard to see ahead,The lorry will stop faster,The road is narrower,B,Visibility is the primary concern when following large vehicles in the wet.																									
378,Other Types of Vehicle,A bus is at a bus stop ahead of you. What should you be prepared for?,The bus to reverse,The bus to stay there for an hour,Pedestrians to cross the road in front of the bus,The bus to explode,C,Always anticipate pedestrians emerging from behind or in front of a stationary bus.																									
379,Other Types of Vehicle,How should you pass a horse and rider on a country road?,Sound your horn to let them know you are there,Pass wide and very slowly,Rev your engine,Overtake on a bend,B,Horses can be spooked by noise and speed.																									
380,Other Types of Vehicle,What color are the flashing lights on an emergency doctor's car?,Blue,Amber,Green,Red,C,Green flashing lights identify a doctor on an emergency call.																									
381,Other Types of Vehicle,What is a common feature of a 'Smart Motorway'?,No speed limits,The use of the hard shoulder as a running lane at busy times,No lorries allowed,Free petrol,B,Smart motorways manage traffic flow using the hard shoulder and variable speed limits.																									
382,Other Types of Vehicle,Why should you check your near-side mirror before turning left?,To check for overtaking cars,To check for cyclists or mopeds on your left,To see the kerb,To check the fuel,B,Always ensure no smaller vehicles are in the gap between you and the kerb.																									
383,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do if an ambulance with sirens on is behind you?,Stop immediately,Pull over safely as soon as possible,Speed up to the speed limit,Ignore it,B,Move out of the way safely but do not break the law (like jumping a red light) to do so.																									
384,Other Types of Vehicle,What's the main hazard when a large vehicle is turning right?,It will speed up,It may need to swing left before turning right,It will turn its lights off,It will reverse,B,Give the driver plenty of room to maneuver.																									
385,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do if a driver is acting aggressively behind you?,Brake hard,Stay calm and allow them to overtake,Shout at them,Speed up,B,Do not engage with road rage.																									
386,Other Types of Vehicle,How can you help a bus driver that is trying to pull out?,Speed up to get past,Slow down and give way if it is safe,Sound your horn,Flash your lights repeatedly,B,Buses have a difficult job in traffic; helping them move keeps the city flowing.																									
387,Other Types of Vehicle,What does a 'Long Vehicle' sign on the back of a lorry mean?,It is carrying a lot of weight,It is longer than a standard lorry and needs more room to turn,It is very fast,It can only travel on motorways,B,Be aware of the extra length when overtaking or at roundabouts.																									
388,Other Types of Vehicle,Why are 'trams' environmentally friendly?,They are made of wood,They run on electricity and produce no exhaust fumes at the point of use,They only carry one person,They are very slow,B,Trams help reduce city center pollution.																									
389,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do if you are driving in a tunnel and see a 'Trams' sign?,Close your windows,Watch for tram tracks and don't park on them,Speed up,Turn your lights off,B,Parking on tram tracks blocks the entire system as trams cannot steer around you.																									
390,Other Types of Vehicle,What is the danger of 'air turbulence' from a large vehicle?,It can pull a cyclist or motorcyclist toward the vehicle,It makes the car cleaner,It cools the engine,It makes the radio louder,A,The wind created by a large vehicle is a significant hazard for vulnerable road users.																									
391,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do if you see a vehicle with blue flashing lights but no siren?,Ignore it,Treat it as an emergency vehicle and give way if safe,Assume it is broken down,Sound your horn,B,Emergency vehicles don't always use sirens, especially at night.																									
392,Other Types of Vehicle,How should you treat a learner driver on a moped?,Tailgate them,Give them extra space and be patient,Sound your horn to encourage them,Overtake on the left,B,Learners are more likely to make sudden mistakes.																									
393,Other Types of Vehicle,Why do some lorries have 'Side-guards' between the wheels?,To make the lorry look better,To prevent pedestrians and cyclists from being pulled under the wheels,To save fuel,To carry extra tools,B,These are vital safety features to protect vulnerable road users.																									
394,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do if a large vehicle is taking a long time to overtake you?,Speed up,Slightly reduce your speed to help them get past quicker,Stay in their blind spot,Sound your horn,B,The sooner they complete the overtake, the safer the road becomes.																									
395,Other Types of Vehicle,What color are the flashing lights on a coastguard vehicle?,Amber,Green,Blue,Red,C,Coastguard, Mountain Rescue, and Fire services all use blue lights.																									
396,Other Types of Vehicle,Why should you be careful when driving past a stationary tractor?,It might be about to turn into a field or hidden entrance,Tractors are always stolen,The driver might be asleep,Tractors don't have brakes,A,Tractors often make turns into small, unmarked farm gates.																									
397,Other Types of Vehicle,What is the risk of following a bus too closely?,You will get home faster,You won't be able to see pedestrians crossing or the road ahead,The bus will go faster,The bus driver will see you better,B,The large back of the bus acts as a wall, blocking your view of the road.																									
398,Other Types of Vehicle,What should you do if you are behind a cyclist at a set of traffic lights?,Stop as close as possible,Leave them plenty of room to move off,Sound your horn when the light turns green,Flash your lights,B,Cyclists need space to get their balance when starting from a stop.																									
399,Other Types of Vehicle,How should you pass a group of horse riders?,Pass one at a time,Pass the whole group slowly and with plenty of room,Sound your horn as you pass each one,Rev your engine to get past quickly,B,Treat the whole group as one slow-moving unit.																									
400,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do if your car begins to skid when you brake?,Release the footbrake and steer into the skid,Brake harder to stop the slide,Select a higher gear,Apply the handbrake,A,Releasing the brake allows the wheels to turn again and regain traction. Steering into the skid helps straighten the car.																									
401,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,In which conditions are your stopping distances likely to be ten times longer?,In heavy rain,In thick fog,On icy roads,On a very hot day,C,Ice provides almost zero grip. You must drive very slowly and leave a massive gap between you and other cars.																									
402,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do when driving in thick fog?,Use your full-beam headlights,Follow the tail-lights of the car in front closely,Use dipped headlights and fog lights if visibility is under 100m,Speed up to get through the fog quickly,C,Full beams reflect off the fog and blind you. Dipped lights and fog lights help you see and be seen.																									
403,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,Why is it dangerous to drive through deep water?,It will make your tyres dirty,It can stall the engine and cause the brakes to fail,It will improve your fuel economy,It makes the car easier to steer,B,Water can enter the air intake and ruin the engine; wet brakes will not stop the car effectively.																									
404,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What is 'aquaplaning'?,When the tyres are too hot,When a layer of water builds up between the tyre and the road,When you use the handbrake in the rain,When you drive on a dusty road,B,This causes the car to 'surf' on the water, making steering and braking impossible.																									
405,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,How should you dry your brakes after driving through a ford or deep puddle?,Drive at high speed for 5 miles,Brake hard while stationary,Gently apply the brakes while driving slowly,Wait for them to dry naturally,C,Lightly tapping the brakes generates heat which evaporates the water.																									
406,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do if you are driving at night and are dazzled by oncoming headlights?,Flash your headlights back,Slow down or stop if necessary and look towards the left edge of the road,Switch on your interior light,Speed up to get past them,B,Looking at the white line on the left helps you stay in lane without looking directly into the glare.																									
407,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What is the benefit of 'Engine Braking'?,It makes the car go faster,It reduces the wear on your footbrakes and helps control speed on hills,It uses more fuel,It only works in automatic cars,B,Shifting to a lower gear uses the engine's resistance to slow the car down.																									
408,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,How can you help prevent your car from skidding in icy weather?,By driving in the highest gear possible at a low speed,By driving in a low gear with high revs,By braking hard at every junction,By turning the steering wheel quickly,A,Using a higher gear helps prevent the wheels from spinning when you try to move or accelerate.																									
409,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do if you lose control of the steering due to aquaplaning?,Brake hard immediately,Ease off the accelerator and do not steer sharply,Turn the steering wheel from side to side,Switch off the engine,B,Sudden movements will cause the car to spin once the tyres regain grip on the road.																									
410,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What is 'coasting'?,Driving in a high gear,Driving in neutral or with the clutch held down,Driving with the cruise control on,Driving with the engine off,B,Coasting is dangerous because you lose engine braking and the car can pick up speed quickly on hills.																									
411,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,Why are 'leaf falls' in autumn a hazard?,They look nice and are distracting,They can make the road surface as slippery as ice,They block the exhaust pipe,They make the car's paintwork dirty,B,Wet leaves drastically reduce the amount of grip your tyres have on the road.																									
412,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do when driving on a narrow country road at night?,Use your full-beam headlights whenever possible,Stay in the middle of the road,Drive at the maximum speed limit,Turn your lights off at junctions,A,You should use full beams to see hazards early, but you MUST dip them for oncoming traffic.																									
413,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,How can you reduce the risk of fire in your vehicle?,By keeping the fuel tank full,By ensuring there are no fuel or oil leaks,By driving slowly at all times,By using a lower gear,B,Most car fires are caused by electrical faults or fuel leaking onto a hot engine.																									
414,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What does it mean if your steering feels 'spongy' or heavy?,The car is low on fuel,The tyres may be under-inflated or there is a power steering fault,The road is very smooth,The brakes are brand new,B,Always check your tyre pressures first if the steering feels different than usual.																									
415,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,When is the road likely to be most slippery after a long dry spell?,After it has been raining for several hours,Just as it starts to rain,When the sun comes out,At night,B,The first rain on a dry road mixes with oil and dust to create a very greasy, slippery film.																									
416,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,Why should you use a lower gear when driving down a long steep hill?,To prevent the brakes from overheating and fading,To save fuel,To make the engine louder,To go down the hill faster,A,Continuous braking causes 'brake fade' where the brakes lose their stopping power.																									
417,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,How should you use the footbrake in an emergency if your car has ABS?,Pump the pedal up and down,Press it down hard and keep it pressed,Apply the handbrake at the same time,Brake gently and then harder,B,Anti-lock Braking Systems (ABS) are designed to handle the 'pumping' for you.																									
418,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What is the main danger of driving in high winds?,The car will get dirty,The car could be blown out of its lane, particularly high-sided vehicles,The engine will stall,The radio won't work,B,Be particularly careful on open bridges and when passing large lorries.																									
419,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you check before starting a journey in snowy weather?,That you have a full tank of fuel,That your lights and windows are clear of snow and ice,That you have a warm coat and a shovel,All of the above,D,Preparation is key to staying safe and avoiding a breakdown in winter conditions.																									
420,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What color are the reflective studs between the motorway and the hard shoulder?,White,Red,Amber,Green,B,Red studs mark the left-hand edge of the road.																									
421,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do when approaching a ford?,Drive through as fast as possible,Check the depth and drive through slowly in a low gear,Drive through in a high gear,Wait for another car to go first,B,Fords can be deeper than they look. Use a low gear to keep the engine revs up.																									
422,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,How does alcohol affect your driving?,It makes you react faster,It increases your confidence but ruins your judgment,It helps you see better at night,It has no effect after one hour,B,Even small amounts of alcohol reduce your ability to coordinate and judge speeds.																									
423,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,When should you use your hazard warning lights while driving?,When you are being tailgated,To warn drivers behind of a sudden hazard on a motorway or dual carriageway,To thank someone for letting you out,When you are parked on a pavement,B,Hazard lights are for warning others of danger, not for communication.																									
424,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What is the 'Two-Second Rule'?,The time it takes to change a tyre,The gap you should leave between you and the car in front on a dry road,How long you should look in your mirror,How long a green light stays on,B,If it takes less than two seconds to pass a stationary object after the car in front, you are too close.																									
425,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What is the purpose of 'Rumble Strips'?,To make the road look better,To alert you to a hazard or a change in the speed limit through sound and vibration,To clean your tyres,To stop you from falling asleep,B,Rumble strips provide a physical and audible warning to slow down.																									
426,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,How can you stop your windows from misting up in the rain?,By turning the heater off,By using the air conditioning or demisters,By opening all the windows fully,By wiping them with your hand while driving,B,Air conditioning dries the air, which helps clear the screen much faster than heat alone.																									
427,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do if you have to leave your car on an unlit road at night?,Leave your sidelights on,Leave your hazard lights on,Leave your headlights on full beam,Park facing the traffic,A,If the speed limit is over 30mph, you must leave your sidelights on so other drivers can see your parked car.																									
428,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,Why should you keep a pair of sunglasses in the car?,To look fashionable,To help with glare from a low sun or reflections off a wet road,To wear at night to stop dazzling,To use if the interior light is too bright,B,Sun glare can completely blind a driver, especially in winter when the sun stays low.																									
429,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do when driving in strong side winds?,Speed up to get through the wind faster,Keep a steady speed and be ready for the car to be buffeted,Drive as close to the kerb as possible,Turn your hazard lights on,B,Be particularly careful when passing gaps in hedges or buildings.																									
430,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What is the main hazard when following a salt spreader in winter?,The noise from the machine,Salt or grit hitting your windscreen and reduced visibility,The smell of the salt,The vehicle's slow speed only,B,Stay well back to avoid damage to your car and to see the road ahead clearly.																									
431,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,How can you help the environment when driving in traffic?,By revving the engine,By switching off the engine if you are likely to be stationary for a while,By keeping the car in a low gear,By using the air conditioning on full,B,Modern cars use less fuel by restarting than they do by idling for long periods.																									
432,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do if you feel your car's steering vibrating at high speeds?,Check the oil level,Have your wheels balanced,Replace the battery,Increase your tyre pressure,B,Unbalanced wheels cause the steering wheel to 'wobble' and can damage your suspension.																									
433,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What is the main cause of skidding?,The weather,The driver's actions,The car's age,The road surface,B,Skidding is usually caused by the driver braking, accelerating, or steering too harshly for the conditions.																									
434,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,How should you use your gears when driving in deep snow?,Use the highest gear possible,Use a low gear and keep the engine revs high,Use a high gear and keep the speed very low,Stay in neutral,C,A high gear helps prevent the wheels from spinning on the slippery surface.																									
435,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do if your car starts to skid to the right?,Steer to the left,Steer to the right,Brake hard,Accelerate hard,B,You should always steer into the direction of the skid to help straighten the car.																									
436,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,Why is it more dangerous to drive at night?,There are more police on the road,Visibility is reduced and it is harder to judge speed and distance,The roads are narrower,The car's engine works harder,B,You can only see as far as your headlights reach, giving you less time to react to hazards.																									
437,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do before starting a long journey in very cold weather?,Check the heater works,Ensure you have plenty of fuel and the radiator has anti-freeze,Drive as fast as possible to warm the engine,Wait until midday,B,Anti-freeze prevents the engine coolant from freezing and cracking the engine block.																									
438,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What is the danger of using 'full beam' headlights in fog?,It will drain the battery,The light reflects back and makes it even harder to see,It will blind the car behind you,It makes the fog thicker,B,Dipped beams are much more effective at lighting the road surface in fog.																									
439,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,How can you tell if the road is icy when it's cold outside?,The steering feels heavy,The steering feels very light and there is less tyre noise,The car uses more fuel,The heater stops working,B,This 'black ice' effect is very dangerous as the car feels like it's floating.																									
440,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do when following a vehicle on a road with surface water?,Follow their tyre tracks closely,Stay back to avoid the spray and have a better view,Speed up to get past,Turn your headlights off,B,Surface water can hide potholes and lead to aquaplaning.																									
441,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What does 'brake fade' feel like?,The brakes become very sensitive,The brakes feel 'spongy' and require more pressure to work,The steering wheel vibrates,The car speeds up when you brake,B,This happens when brakes overheat on long descents.																									
442,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do if your engine stalls in the middle of a level crossing?,Leave the car and get everyone clear immediately,Try to restart the engine for 5 minutes,Wait for a passerby to help,Call a mechanic,A,If the alarm sounds or lights flash, you must leave the car and move away from the tracks.																									
443,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,How should you drive over a bridge in high winds?,Fast and in the middle of the road,Slowly and with extra care, especially if you have a roof box,With your hazard lights on,By staying close to the vehicle in front,B,Roof boxes and trailers make the car much more catchable by the wind.																									
444,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,When should you use your rear fog lights?,When it is raining slightly,When visibility is reduced to less than 100 metres,Whenever you are on a motorway,At night in the countryside,B,You must switch them off as soon as visibility improves to avoid dazzling others.																									
445,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do if a tyre bursts while you are driving?,Brake hard and pull over,Hold the steering wheel firmly and let the car slow down gradually,Accelerate to keep the car straight,Switch the engine off,B,Sudden braking with a burst tyre will cause the car to pull violently or spin.																									
446,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,Why should you keep your speed down when driving in the dark?,To save electricity,Because you can only see as far as your headlights reach,To prevent the engine from overheating,To avoid waking people up,B,Your 'stopping distance' should never be longer than your 'seeing distance'.																									
447,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do if your car's bonnet flies up while driving?,Brake hard immediately,Look through the gap at the bottom or out the side window and pull over safely,Close your eyes,Accelerate to push it down,B,Stay calm, use the side windows for reference, and guide the car to the side of the road.																									
448,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What is the first sign of 'tire wear' affecting handling?,The car uses more oil,The car slides more easily in the wet,The heater takes longer to warm up,The radio signal is poor,B,Worn tyres cannot disperse water effectively, leading to skids and aquaplaning.																									
449,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,How should you react to a 'Ford' depth gauge?,Ignore it if you have a big car,Only cross if the water level is safe for your vehicle,Always cross if other cars are doing it,Wait for the water to dry up,B,Never risk your engine by driving through water that is too deep.																									
450,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do if your car starts to slide on a patch of oil?,Brake hard,Ease off the accelerator and steer gently,Shift into neutral,Apply the handbrake,B,Sudden inputs will cause a total loss of control on oil.																									
451,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What is the main danger of 'sun glare' in winter?,It makes the car too hot,It can hide road markings and other road users,It improves your vision,It drains the battery,B,Low winter sun is often paired with wet roads, creating double the glare.																									
452,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,How can you maintain control when driving down a very steep hill?,Stay in neutral,Use a low gear and the brakes together,Use a high gear to go faster,Turn the engine off,B,The engine acts as a brake in lower gears, saving your actual brakes from failing.																									
453,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do if you are driving at night and a car behind has full beams on?,Brake hard to stop them,Adjust your mirror to the 'anti-dazzle' position,Flash your brake lights,Speed up,B,Most mirrors have a small lever to reduce glare from vehicles behind.																									
454,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What does it mean if the car keeps 'wandering' to one side?,The road is perfectly flat,The tyre pressures are uneven or the tracking is out,The engine is too powerful,The car is too light,B,Uneven tyre pressure is a common cause of a car 'pulling' to one side.																									
455,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,What should you do if you are driving in a tunnel and your car catches fire?,Stop immediately and run,Try to drive the car out of the tunnel if possible,Stay in the car with the windows up,Turn the heater on,B,Driving out of the tunnel is safer for everyone. If you can't, pull over and use the emergency points.																									
456,Road Conditions and Vehicle Handling,How does a heavy load in the boot affect your car?,It makes it faster,It makes the steering feel lighter and the braking distance longer,It has no effect,It improves the fuel economy,B,Weight at the back lifts the front of the car slightly, affecting grip and steering.																									
457,Motorway Rules,What is the national speed limit for a car on a motorway?,50 mph,60 mph,70 mph,80 mph,C,The national speed limit for cars and motorcycles on a motorway is 70 mph unless signs state otherwise.																									
458,Motorway Rules,You are joining the motorway from a slip road. What should you do?,Stop and wait for a gap,Speed up to match the speed of the traffic in the first lane,Force your way into the traffic,Stay on the hard shoulder until it ends,B,Matching the speed allows you to merge smoothly without forcing motorway traffic to brake.																									
459,Motorway Rules,When should you use the left-hand lane on a motorway?,Only when you are driving slowly,At all times unless you are overtaking,Only when the motorway is empty,Only if you are exiting at the next junction,B,On a motorway, you should stay in the left-hand lane unless you are overtaking slower-moving vehicles.																									
460,Motorway Rules,What does a 'Smart Motorway' use to manage traffic?,Police officers on every bridge,Variable speed limits and active lane management,A higher speed limit of 80 mph,Mandatory carpooling lanes,B,Smart motorways use overhead gantries to change speed limits based on congestion or accidents.																									
461,Motorway Rules,What should you do if you miss your exit on a motorway?,Reverse back to the exit,Do a U-turn at the next gap in the central reservation,Carry on to the next exit,Stop and wait for a police escort,C,It is illegal and incredibly dangerous to reverse or turn around on a motorway.																									
462,Motorway Rules,What is the purpose of the 'Hard Shoulder'?,For parking and taking a break,For emergency use only,For overtaking on the left,For use by motorcycles in heavy traffic,B,The hard shoulder is only for breakdowns or emergencies unless signs tell you to use it as a running lane.																									
463,Motorway Rules,What color are the reflective studs between the lanes on a motorway?,Red,White,Amber,Green,B,White studs mark the lanes. (Red is for the left edge, Amber for the right edge, and Green for slip roads).																									
464,Motorway Rules,What should you do if your vehicle breaks down on the motorway?,Stay in the car with your seatbelt on,Get out of the car via the passenger door and wait behind the crash barrier,Try to fix the car on the hard shoulder,Walk along the motorway to the nearest exit,B,The safest place is well away from the moving traffic, ideally up the embankment or behind the barrier.																									
465,Motorway Rules,When are you allowed to stop on a motorway?,When you want to check a map,In an emergency or when told to do so by signs or the police,To pick up a hitchhiker,To stretch your legs,B,Stopping on a motorway is prohibited except in emergencies or for traffic management.																									
466,Motorway Rules,What does a red cross (X) showing on an overhead gantry mean?,The speed limit is 10 mph,You must not drive in that lane,There is a car park ahead,The lane is for electric cars only,B,A red X means the lane is closed, usually due to an accident or a broken-down vehicle ahead.																									
467,Motorway Rules,How should you position yourself when using an emergency telephone?,Facing away from the traffic,Facing the oncoming traffic,Sitting on the ground,With your back to the phone box,B,Facing the traffic allows you to see any vehicle that might be drifting toward the hard shoulder.																									
468,Motorway Rules,Which vehicle is not allowed on a motorway?,A motorcycle over 125cc,A learner driver in a car with an instructor,A farm tractor,A van,C,Slow-moving vehicles like tractors, as well as pedestrians and cyclists, are banned from motorways.																									
469,Motorway Rules,What should you do if you are driving in the right-hand lane and a faster car approaches behind?,Speed up to stay ahead,Move to the left when it is safe to do so,Brake hard to tell them to back off,Ignore them,B,The right-hand lane is for overtaking. Once you have finished, you should return to the left.																									
470,Motorway Rules,What is the purpose of 'climbing lanes' on a motorway?,For racing other cars,To help slow-moving vehicles on steep uphill gradients,For emergency vehicles only,For exiting the motorway,B,Climbing lanes keep slow lorries away from the faster-moving traffic on hills.																									
471,Motorway Rules,What should you do if you see a 'Stray Animal' warning sign on a motorway?,Speed up to get past,Slow down and be extra alert,Sound your horn continuously,Stop in the middle of the road,B,Animals on a motorway are a major hazard. Be prepared to slow down or stop safely.																									
472,Motorway Rules,What color are the reflective studs on the right-hand edge of the motorway (next to the central reservation)?,White,Red,Amber,Green,C,Amber studs separate the right-hand lane from the central reservation.																									
473,Motorway Rules,You are towing a trailer. What is your maximum speed limit on a motorway?,50 mph,60 mph,70 mph,80 mph,B,Vehicles towing trailers are restricted to 60 mph on motorways and dual carriageways.																									
474,Motorway Rules,Which lane should you use on a motorway if you are towing a trailer?,Any lane,Only the left-hand and center lanes (not the right-hand lane),Only the hard shoulder,The right-hand lane only,B,Vehicles towing trailers are not allowed in the right-hand lane of a motorway with three or more lanes.																									
475,Motorway Rules,What should you do if you feel drowsy while driving on the motorway?,Open the window and drive faster,Stop at the next service station or exit and take a rest,Drink a sugary drink and keep going,Slap your face to stay awake,B,A 15-minute rest and a caffeinated drink is the best way to recover before continuing.																									
476,Motorway Rules,What do 'variable speed limits' help to do?,Make the journey more interesting,Reduce congestion and prevent stop-start traffic,Make more money from fines,Increase the top speed of cars,B,By slowing traffic down before a jam, it keeps the road moving more steadily.																									
477,Motorway Rules,What should you do if you see a vehicle with amber flashing lights ahead on the motorway?,Speed up and overtake quickly,Slow down and stay alert as it is a slow-moving or stationary vehicle,Turn your own hazard lights on and stop,Ignore it,B,Maintenance vehicles and 'Traffic Officer' vehicles often use amber lights.																									
478,Motorway Rules,How can you identify where the nearest emergency phone is?,By looking for the nearest bridge,By following the arrows on the posts at the back of the hard shoulder,By checking your GPS,By calling 999,B,The marker posts are spaced every 100 metres and point toward the nearest phone.																									
479,Motorway Rules,What does a 'Traffic Officer' do?,They can arrest you for speeding,They assist with breakdowns and clear debris from the motorway,They manage the toll booths,They drive the ambulances,B,National Highways Traffic Officers have the power to stop and direct traffic on motorways.																									
480,Motorway Rules,Why is it dangerous to 'tailgate' on the motorway?,It ruins your fuel economy,You won't be able to stop in time if the car in front brakes suddenly,It makes your headlights look dim,It's only dangerous if it's raining,B,At 70 mph, you travel 31 metres every second. You need a massive gap to react safely.																									
481,Motorway Rules,What is the 'Active Traffic Management' lane?,The lane for buses only,A system where the hard shoulder is used as a running lane during busy times,The fast lane,A lane for autonomous cars,B,In some areas, the hard shoulder becomes a normal lane (Smart Motorway) to increase capacity.																									
482,Motorway Rules,What color are the studs marking the end of the motorway at a slip road?,White,Red,Amber,Green,D,Green studs signify that you are entering a slip road or a lay-by.																									
483,Motorway Rules,What should you do if your car's tyre blows out on the motorway?,Brake hard immediately,Hold the steering wheel firmly and allow the car to slow down naturally,Turn the engine off,Switch to the right-hand lane,B,Sudden braking with a flat tyre will cause the car to spin.																									
484,Motorway Rules,When can you use the right-hand lane of a three-lane motorway?,Only when you are exiting at the next junction,When you are overtaking slower vehicles in the center lane,Whenever the road is busy,Only if you are driving an emergency vehicle,B,The right-hand lane is an overtaking lane, not a 'fast' lane for staying in.																									
485,Motorway Rules,How should you use your indicators on a motorway?,Only if someone is behind you,Always signal your intentions early when changing lanes,Indicators are not needed on motorways,Keep them on the whole time you are in the right-hand lane,B,Clear signaling helps other high-speed drivers anticipate your moves.																									
486,Motorway Rules,What is a 'Contraflow' system?,A lane for cyclists,A system where traffic travels in the opposite direction to usual in some lanes,A way to pay tolls,When the motorway is turned into a dual carriageway,B,These are common at roadworks. You should slow down and keep a safe distance.																									
487,Motorway Rules,What is the first thing you should do when you enter a contraflow system?,Speed up to get through it,Reduce your speed and keep a safe distance from the vehicle in front,Turn your lights on full beam,Switch to the right-hand lane,B,Lanes are often narrower in contraflow systems, so extra care is needed.																									
488,Motorway Rules,Why should you check your mirrors frequently on a motorway?,To look at your passengers,Because traffic speeds are high and situations change very quickly,To see if your indicators are working,To check the fuel level,B,You need to be aware of what is happening far behind you.																									
489,Motorway Rules,What should you do if you are in the left-hand lane and see a large lorry joining from a slip road?,Speed up to block it,Slow down or move to the center lane if safe to give them room,Sound your horn,Ignore them as you have the right of way,B,Helping large vehicles merge safely prevents accidents and traffic jams.																									
490,Motorway Rules,What should you do if you see a sign 'End of Motorway'?,Speed up,Check your speed as you may be traveling faster than you realize,Turn your lights off,Stop and check your map,B,After driving at 70 mph for a long time, 30 mph can feel like a crawl.																									
491,Motorway Rules,When can you use the hard shoulder as a running lane?,Whenever there is a traffic jam,Only when overhead signs indicate it is open for use,Only if you are a motorcyclist,Never,B,On some Smart Motorways, the hard shoulder is opened to traffic to reduce congestion.																									
492,Motorway Rules,What should you do if you break down on a motorway where there is no hard shoulder?,Stop in the middle of the lane,Try to reach an Emergency Area (marked with a blue sign and orange SOS phone),Jump out of the car while it's moving,Switch your lights off,B,Emergency Areas are spaced out for safety on 'All Lane Running' motorways.																									
493,Motorway Rules,What should you do if you see hazard warning lights flashing on a vehicle in front?,Speed up to pass them,Slow down as there may be a hazard or stationary traffic ahead,Sound your horn,Ignore it,B,Hazard lights on a moving vehicle are a warning to those behind of a sudden hazard.																									
494,Motorway Rules,What is the maximum speed for a heavy goods vehicle (over 7.5 tonnes) on a motorway?,50 mph,60 mph,70 mph,40 mph,B,Most large lorries are speed-limited to 56 mph or 60 mph.																									
495,Motorway Rules,Why are 'marker posts' on the motorway useful?,They tell you the temperature,They give you a reference point for the emergency services,They are for hanging bags on,They mark the speed limit,B,If you call for help, use the numbers on the nearest marker post to tell the operator exactly where you are.																									
496,Motorway Rules,What should you do if you are driving on a motorway and a 'Side Wind' sign is displayed?,Close all the windows,Slow down and be ready for your car to be pushed sideways,Speed up to stay stable,Move to the right-hand lane,B,Side winds are most dangerous when passing tall vehicles or crossing open bridges.																									
497,Motorway Rules,How should you rejoin a motorway from the hard shoulder after a breakdown?,Pull out immediately from a standing start,Build up speed on the hard shoulder before merging into the first lane,Wait for a police car to stop the traffic,Drive in reverse until you find a gap,B,You need to match the speed of the traffic before you steer back onto the road.																									
498,Motorway Rules,What does a flashing amber light on an overhead gantry mean?,The speed limit is 40 mph,There is a hazard ahead (like fog or an accident),The motorway is closed,You are near a petrol station,B,Amber means 'Caution.' Check the signs for specific instructions or speed limits.																									
499,Motorway Rules,What should you do if you see a 'Towing' sign on the back of a car on the motorway?,Overtake it as fast as possible,Be aware that the vehicle may be traveling more slowly,Sound your horn,Tailgate it to save fuel,B,Towing vehicles have lower speed limits and are less maneuverable.																									
500,Motorway Rules,When should you use your hazard warning lights on a motorway?,When you are parked on the hard shoulder or to warn of a hazard ahead,To thank someone for letting you in,When it is raining slightly,To show you are driving fast,A,Hazard lights are for emergencies and warnings only.																									
501,Motorway Rules,What color is the 'Emergency Area' on a smart motorway usually painted?,Blue,Orange,Green,Yellow,B,The bright orange surface helps drivers identify the safe place to pull in.																									
502,Motorway Rules,Can you use the motorway if you have a provisional car license?,No,Only if you are accompanied by an ADI (instructor) in a car with dual controls,Yes, as long as you have a passenger,Only between 10 PM and 6 AM,B,Learners can drive on motorways but only with a qualified instructor and in a dual-controlled car.																									
503,Motorway Rules,What should you do if you see a 'Workmen Ahead' sign?,Speed up to get past the dust,Slow down and obey any temporary speed limits,Ignore it if no workers are visible,Sound your horn to warn the workers,B,Speed limits in roadworks are legally enforceable for the safety of the workers.																									
504,Motorway Rules,What is the danger of 'rubbernecking'?,It helps the police,It causes further accidents and slows down the flow of traffic,It is recommended by the Highway Code,It saves fuel,B,Looking at accidents on the other side of the road causes you to distract yourself and slow down suddenly.																									
505,Motorway Rules,What should you do if you are in the left-hand lane and see a car broken down on the hard shoulder?,Speed up,Move to the center lane if it is safe to give the person more space,Sound your horn,Stop to help them,B,Moving over provides a 'safety buffer' for the person on the hard shoulder.																									
506,Motorway Rules,What does a 'diverted' sign on a motorway mean?,You should stop,A specific route is closed and you should follow symbols for an alternative way,The motorway is now a dual carriageway,You have run out of fuel,B,Follow the symbols (squares, triangles, circles) to stay on the correct diversion route.																									
507,Motorway Rules,What is the main benefit of keeping a safe following distance on the motorway?,You can see the overhead signs better,You have time to react if the vehicle in front brakes suddenly,Your car stays cleaner,You can use the high beam headlights,B,Safety margins are your best defense against high-speed collisions.																									
508,Motorway Rules,What should you do if you are approaching a roadworks area on a motorway?,Speed up to get through quickly,Follow the temporary speed limit and watch for merging traffic,Stay in the right-hand lane the whole time,Sound your horn,B,Roadworks often involve narrowed lanes and workers close to the traffic.																									
509,Motorway Rules,How should you signal when leaving the motorway at a junction?,Signal left at the 300-yard marker (three-bar sign),Signal left only when you are on the slip road,Don't signal,Wait until you reach the 100-yard marker,A,Standard practice is to signal at the first 'countdown' marker to give others plenty of notice.																									
510,Motorway Rules,What is a 'Crawler' lane?,A lane for animals,Another name for a climbing lane used by slow vehicles on steep hills,A lane for broken down cars,The hard shoulder,B,These allow faster traffic to flow while heavy vehicles struggle with a gradient.																									
511,Motorway Rules,Why should you use your headlights in a tunnel?,To see the wall,To help your eyes adjust and make your car visible to others,To signal to the traffic lights,Because it is dark,B,Even if the tunnel is well-lit, headlights help other drivers see you instantly.																									
512,Motorway Rules,What should you do if you are driving on a motorway and the traffic stops suddenly?,Sound your horn,Switch on your hazard warning lights briefly to warn those behind,Brake as hard as possible and stay in your lane,Overtake on the hard shoulder,B,This is a universal signal on motorways to warn of a sudden jam ahead.																									
513,Motorway Rules,What is the speed limit for a car on a motorway when there are no signs?,50 mph,60 mph,70 mph,30 mph,C,The national speed limit for cars on a motorway is always 70 mph unless otherwise indicated.																									
514,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a circular sign with a red border mean?,A warning of a hazard,An order or prohibition (e.g. Speed limit),Information about a local route,A recommendation,B,Red circles generally tell you what you MUST NOT do or set a mandatory limit.																									
515,Road and Traffic Signs,Which shape is used for a 'Give Way' sign?,A circle,An upright triangle,An inverted (upside-down) triangle,A square,C,The Give Way sign is unique so it can be recognized even if it is obscured.																									
516,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue circular sign usually show?,A speed limit,A mandatory instruction (e.g. 'Turn Left'),A warning of a school,A parking area,B,Blue circles often give positive instructions, such as 'Mini-roundabout' or 'Keep Left.'																									
517,Road and Traffic Signs,What is the meaning of a triangular sign with a red border?,A mandatory order,A warning of a hazard ahead,A direction sign,A parking restriction,B,Triangles are used to alert drivers to upcoming dangers like bends or steep hills.																									
518,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a brown rectangular sign indicate?,A motorway exit,A tourist attraction or point of interest,A primary route,A hospital,B,Brown signs guide you to places like zoos, historic houses, or parks.																									
519,Road and Traffic Signs,What does an 'octagon' shaped sign mean?,No Entry,Stop,Give Way,One Way Street,B,The 'Stop' sign is the only octagonal sign on the road to ensure it stands out clearly.																									
520,Road and Traffic Signs,What is the meaning of a red circle with a white horizontal bar?,No Entry,Stop,No Overtaking,No Parking,A,This sign is used at the exit of one-way streets or where vehicle access is prohibited.																									
521,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign showing a person walking mean?,A pedestrian zone ahead,A warning of pedestrians in the road,A footway for children only,A crossing point,B,This triangle warns you to watch out for people crossing or walking along the road.																									
522,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue rectangular sign on a motorway show?,A warning,Information and directions,A speed limit,A hospital,B,Motorway signs use blue backgrounds to provide route and distance information.																									
523,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a green rectangular sign indicate?,A secondary road,A primary route,A tourist attraction,A dead end,B,Green signs are used for primary routes that are not motorways.																									
524,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a car with 'skid' marks behind it. What does it mean?,You should practice skidding,The road surface may be slippery ahead,No cars allowed,A car racing track is nearby,B,Slow down and avoid sudden braking or steering when you see this warning.																									
525,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a circular sign with a blue background and a red cross (X) mean?,A hospital,A clearway (no stopping),No entry for cars,A police station,B,On a clearway, you must not stop for any reason other than a traffic emergency.																									
526,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign showing two cars side-by-side in a red circle mean?,Overtaking is allowed,No overtaking,A dual carriageway ahead,A car park for two cars,B,This sign prohibits overtaking until you pass a sign that says the restriction has ended.																									
527,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a bicycle in a red circle. What does it mean?,No cycling allowed,Cycle path ahead,Cyclists have priority,A cycle shop is nearby,A,A red circle means 'No' - in this case, no bicycles are permitted on that route.																									
528,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign with a 'white circle and a black diagonal stripe' mean?,No entry,End of speed limit,National speed limit applies,No stopping,C,This sign means the speed limit for the type of road and vehicle you are driving now applies.																									
529,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a yellow sign with a black 'square' or 'triangle' symbol indicate?,A children's playground,An emergency diversion route,A nearby airport,A slow-moving vehicle,B,Follow these symbols if the main road or motorway ahead is closed.																									
530,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign showing a 'red triangle with a car falling off a quay' mean?,No parking near water,A quayside or river bank ahead,A car wash ahead,A bridge,B,This warns you that the road leads directly to an unprotected edge of water.																									
531,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows an 'exclamation mark' in a red triangle. What does it mean?,Stop immediately,A specific hazard not shown by other symbols,A loud noise ahead,A dead end,B,There will usually be a plate below this sign explaining the nature of the hazard.																									
532,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a red circle with a '50' inside mean?,Recommended speed is 50mph,Minimum speed is 50mph,Maximum speed limit is 50mph,Average speed is 50mph,C,Red circles set mandatory maximum limits that you must not exceed.																									
533,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue circle with a '30' inside mean?,Maximum speed is 30mph,Minimum speed is 30mph,A parking zone for 30 cars,End of a 30mph zone,B,Blue circles with numbers set a minimum speed, often used in tunnels.																									
534,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with 'two arrows pointing in opposite directions'. What does it mean?,A crossroads,Two-way traffic crosses a one-way street,Two-way traffic straight ahead,A U-turn is allowed,C,This often appears at the end of a dual carriageway.																									
535,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign showing a 'locomotive' (train) in a red triangle mean?,A railway station nearby,A level crossing with a barrier,A level crossing without a barrier,A model railway shop,C,A 'train' symbol means no barrier. A 'fence' symbol means there is a gate or barrier.																									
536,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign with a 'red circle and a motorcycle' over a car mean?,No motor vehicles,Motorcycles only,Cars only,Overtaking allowed,A,This prohibits all motor vehicles except for mopeds/scooters.																									
537,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a white 'T' on a blue square mean?,The road is for Taxis only,A dead end (no through road),A Tram stop,Turn left ahead,B,This tells you that you cannot exit through the road you are entering.																									
538,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue square with a white 'P' mean?,Police station,Parking permitted,Primary route,Private road,B,This identifies a place where you are allowed to park.																									
539,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with a 'hump'. What does it mean?,A steep hill,A hump bridge,Speed bumps ahead,A tunnel,B,A hump bridge can be steep; you may need to slow down to maintain control.																									
540,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign showing a black 'gate' in a red triangle mean?,A farm entrance,A level crossing with a gate or barrier,A prison ahead,A toll booth,B,Slow down and be prepared to stop if the barriers are down.																									
541,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a red circle with a 'bicycle' inside mean?,Cycle path only,No cycling allowed,Watch out for cyclists,Cyclists have priority,B,Again, red circles are prohibitive. No cycling here.																									
542,Road and Traffic Signs,A blue circle has a 'white bicycle' inside. What does it mean?,No cycling,A route for cycles only,A bike shop,Cycle parking,B,Blue circles give positive instructionsthis is a dedicated cycle route.																									
543,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a red triangle with a 'horse' inside mean?,Horse racing track,Horse-drawn vehicles only,A warning that horses may be in the road,A nearby stable,C,Pass horses slowly and give them plenty of room.																									
544,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign showing a 'red circle with a black 6-6' (meaning 6ft 6in) mean?,Vehicles wider than 6ft 6in are prohibited,The speed limit is 6.6 mph,The road is 6.6 miles long,Vehicles longer than 6ft 6in are prohibited,A,This is usually found on narrow roads or bridges to prevent large vehicles from getting stuck.																									
545,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign showing a 'red triangle with a car and a motorcycle flying' mean?,A stunt area,Uneven road surface,A low bridge,A nearby airport,B,This warns of bumps or a dip in the road that could cause a vehicle to lose balance.																									
546,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a white rectangle with 'End' and a red line through a car. What does it mean?,Your car is broken,The end of a restricted parking zone,The end of a controlled speed zone,End of a motorway,B,It marks the point where specific local parking rules stop applying.																									
547,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign with a 'red circle and an empty white center' mean?,No entry for any vehicle,No vehicles except for pedal cycles being pushed by hand,Target practice area,No parking,B,This is a very restrictive sign found in pedestrianized or very narrow areas.																									
548,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a green sign with a 'white plane' symbol mean?,An airport is nearby,A military base,Low-flying aircraft ahead,No planes allowed,A,This is a direction sign toward the nearest airport.																									
549,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with a 'T-junction symbol'. What does it mean?,A dead end,A side road enters from the side shown,Turn right only,Taxis only,B,The symbol will show whether the side road enters from the left or right.																									
550,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign with a 'red circle and a red car next to a black car' mean?,Racing is encouraged,No overtaking,A car showroom,Two-way traffic,B,You must stay in your lane and not pass the vehicle in front.																									
551,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a 'red triangle with an airplane'. What does it mean?,An airport exit,Low-flying aircraft or sudden aircraft noise,A flight school,No flying,B,Sudden noise from low aircraft can spook horses or distract drivers.																									
552,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue square with a 'white bus' symbol mean?,A bus lane,A bus station,A parking area for buses,A bus stop,A,This marks a lane reserved for buses (and usually cycles/taxis) during specific times.																									
553,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign showing a 'red triangle with two people (an adult and child)' mean?,A playground,School crossing or children likely in the road,A family-friendly restaurant,A residential home,B,Slow down and watch for children who may run out.																									
554,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'red circle with a black van' and a '3.5t' inside mean?,No vans allowed,Vans over 3.5 tonnes maximum authorized mass prohibited,Vans only,Speed limit is 3.5 mph,B,This prevents heavy goods vehicles from using unsuitable roads.																									
555,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a 'red triangle with a snowflake'. What does it mean?,A ski resort,Ice or snow hazard ahead,A cold storage warehouse,Free ice cream,B,This is often a permanent warning on roads prone to freezing or a temporary sign in winter.																									
556,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign with a 'white arrow pointing right' in a blue circle mean?,Turn right ahead,Turn right only,A one-way street,No right turn,B,This is a mandatory direction sign.																									
557,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue square sign with a 'white bed' symbol mean?,A furniture shop,A hotel or overnight accommodation,A hospital,A rest area,B,This is an information sign for travelers.																									
558,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a 'red triangle with a cow'. What does it mean?,A farm shop,Cattle or farm animals likely to be in the road,A steakhouse,A zoo,B,Animals may be crossing; be prepared to stop.																									
559,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a red circle with a 'red motorcycle' inside mean?,No motorcycles allowed,Motorcycles only,A motorbike race,Watch out for bikes,A,No motorcycling is permitted on this route.																									
560,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign with a 'blue rectangle and a white 'i'' mean?,An internet cafe,An information center,A library,A school,B,This guides you to local tourist or travel information.																									
561,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a 'red triangle with a bicycle'. What does it mean?,A cycle race,A warning that a cycle route crosses the road,No cycling,A bike shop,B,Drivers should watch for cyclists crossing the main road.																									
562,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'red circle with a red car and a red motorcycle' mean?,All motor vehicles allowed,No motor vehicles allowed,Cars and bikes only,No parking,B,This sign prohibits both cars and motorcycles.																									
563,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue circle with a 'white arrow pointing straight up' mean?,One-way traffic only,Keep going straight,A dead end,Flyover ahead,A,This indicates that traffic must travel in the direction of the arrow only.																									
564,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a 'red triangle with a man digging'. What does it mean?,A garden center,Road works ahead,A graveyard,A construction site entrance,B,Be prepared for workers, machinery, or debris on the road.																									
565,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a red circle with a 'white line' through a car and a 5t mean?,No cars over 5 tonnes,No motor vehicles over 5 tonnes maximum gross weight,Speed limit 5 mph,No parking for 5 hours,B,Weight restrictions protect bridge structures or road surfaces.																									
566,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign showing a 'red triangle with a cross' (like a plus sign) mean?,A hospital,A crossroads ahead,A first aid post,A church,B,Slow down and check both ways as you approach the intersection.																									
567,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a blue square with a 'white wheelchair'. What does it mean?,A hospital,Parking for disabled badge holders only,A wheelchair ramp,A pharmacy,B,Only vehicles displaying a valid Blue Badge can park here.																									
568,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a red circle with a '7-6' (7ft 6in) height symbol mean?,Vehicles over 7ft 6in tall are prohibited,The road is 7.6 miles long,Maximum speed is 7.6 mph,Parking for 7 hours,A,This is usually found before low bridges or tunnels.																									
569,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign showing a 'red triangle with a stone flying from a tyre' mean?,A stone quarry,Loose chippings on the road surface,A landslide area,No driving on gravel,B,Slow down to avoid stones hitting your windscreen or other road users.																									
570,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue square sign with a 'white telephone' symbol mean?,A mobile phone shop,A public telephone nearby,No phones allowed,A call center,B,Useful if you need to make a call and have no signal.																									
571,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign showing a red triangle with a 'steep hill' and '10%' mean?,A hill with a 1 in 10 gradient,A 10mph speed limit on a hill,10 miles of hills ahead,Parking allowed for 10 cars,A,The percentage shows the steepness. 10% means the road rises or falls 1 metre for every 10 metres of travel.																									
572,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue circle with a 'white arrow pointing down to the left' mean?,Turn left,Keep left,One-way street,No entry,B,This is often found on bollards at the start of a traffic island.																									
573,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a red circle with a 'person on a horse' inside mean?,Horse riding allowed,No horse riding,A nearby stable,Slow down for horses,B,Red circle means no. Horses are not permitted on this specific path.																									
574,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with 'two people holding hands'. What does it mean?,A wedding venue,Pedestrians in the road ahead,A playground,No walking,B,This warns you that people may be walking in the road where there is no pavement.																									
575,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue rectangular sign with a 'white bus and cycle' mean?,Bus and cycle lane,No buses or cycles,Bus and cycle parking,A bike shop,A,This indicates a lane that can be used by both buses and cyclists.																									
576,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign showing a red triangle with a 'fence' mean?,A farm ahead,A level crossing with a gate or barrier,No trespassing,A garden center,B,The fence symbol tells you the crossing is protected by a barrier.																									
577,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a circular sign with a 'red border and a car over a motorbike' mean?,No motor vehicles,No cars,No motorbikes,Motor vehicles only,A,This excludes all motorized vehicles from the road.																									
578,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue square sign with a 'white bicycle' and the word 'Route' mean?,No cycling,A recommended route for cyclists,A cycle shop,A cycle race,B,This is a direction sign for cyclists to help them find the safest path.																									
579,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with a 'fork in the road'. What does it mean?,A restaurant ahead,A junction on a bend,A dead end,A bridge,B,This warns of a side road entering the main road exactly on a curve.																									
580,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign with a 'black car and two red lines' in a red circle mean?,No motor vehicles,No overtaking,A car park,End of no overtaking zone,B,This is the standard 'No Overtaking' sign.																									
581,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a yellow rectangle with 'Diversion' and an arrow mean?,Follow the arrow for the temporary route,The road is closed forever,A new housing estate,A car wash,A,These are used when the main road is blocked by roadworks or an accident.																									
582,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with a 'single line crossing a thick line'. What does it mean?,A railway crossing,A side road junction,A crossroads,A dead end,B,The thick line represents the priority road you are on.																									
583,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue circle with a 'white 30' and a red line through it mean?,Maximum speed 30mph,End of minimum speed limit,30 miles to the next town,No parking for 30 minutes,B,The red diagonal line always means the end of a previous instruction.																									
584,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign showing a 'red triangle with a deer' mean?,A zoo ahead,Wild animals likely in the road,A hunting area,A pet shop,B,This is common in forested areas. Be prepared to slow down for deer crossing.																									
585,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'white rectangle with a black camera' symbol mean?,A tourist photo spot,Speed or red-light cameras in the area,No photography allowed,A film studio,B,This warns you that enforcement cameras are active on this stretch of road.																									
586,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with an 'opening bridge'. What does it mean?,A hump bridge,A lifting or swing bridge ahead,A tunnel,A car ferry,B,Be prepared to stop if the lights flash or the bridge begins to move.																									
587,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a red circle with 'No' over a 'U-shaped arrow' mean?,No left turn,No U-turns,One-way street only,Roundabout ahead,B,You must not attempt to turn your vehicle around to face the opposite direction.																									
588,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue square with a 'white bus' and a 'time' (e.g. 7am-10am) mean?,Buses only during those times,Buses are not allowed then,A bus will arrive at that time,No parking during those times,A,Outside of those hours, the lane is usually open to all traffic.																									
589,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with a 'falling rocks' symbol. What does it mean?,A construction site,Risk of falling rocks or debris on the road,A stone quarry,No driving on hills,B,Watch out for obstructions that may have already fallen into your path.																									
590,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue circle with 'two white arrows pointing left' mean?,Turn left,Pass on either side,One-way street,Keep left,B,This is used where traffic can pass a central obstruction on both sides.																									
591,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'red circle with a motorbike' and '30' inside mean?,Motorbikes only at 30mph,A maximum speed limit of 30mph for all vehicles,No motorcycles allowed,Parking for 30 motorbikes,B,The red circle speed limit applies to everyone, regardless of the symbol underneath.																									
592,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with a 'crossroads' symbol. What does it mean?,A hospital,A crossroads ahead,A church,A first aid post,B,Approach with caution and be ready to give way or stop.																									
593,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'blue rectangle with a white car and a red line' mean?,No cars allowed,End of a motorway,A car park,A dual carriageway,B,The red line through the motorway symbol marks the end of motorway regulations.																									
594,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign showing a 'red triangle with a toad' mean?,A pet shop,A migration route for toads or small animals,A swamp,No driving in wet weather,B,These are placed where animals frequently cross the road to reach breeding grounds.																									
595,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a red circle with 'No' over a 'Right Arrow' mean?,No left turn,No right turn,One-way street,Right turn only,B,You are prohibited from turning right at this location.																									
596,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a green rectangular sign with a 'white phone' and 'SOS' mean?,A public phone,An emergency roadside telephone,A hospital,A mobile phone shop,B,These are found on dual carriageways and near motorways for breakdown use.																									
597,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with a 'tank' symbol. What does it mean?,A petrol station,Slow-moving military vehicles likely to cross,No heavy vehicles,A war museum,B,This is common near military bases or training grounds.																									
598,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'blue circle with a white moped' mean?,No mopeds,A route for mopeds only,A motorcycle shop,Mopeds must stay in the middle of the road,B,This is a dedicated path or lane for low-powered motorcycles.																									
599,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'white square sign with a black 'C' in a red circle' mean?,A car park,Congestion charging zone,A church,A city center,B,You must pay a fee to enter this area during certain times.																									
600,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with a 'low-flying helicopter'. What does it mean?,An airport exit,Sudden noise from low-flying helicopters,A hospital,No helicopters allowed,B,Helicopter noise can be very loud and sudden, potentially startling drivers.																									
601,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue square sign with a 'white 1 in a blue circle' mean?,The first exit,A motorway status sign,A one-way street,A primary route,B,These are used to identify motorway junction numbers.																									
602,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a red circle with 'No' over a 'Left Arrow' mean?,No left turn,No right turn,One-way street,Left turn only,A,You are prohibited from turning left at this location.																									
603,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with a 'sheep'. What does it mean?,A farm shop,Sheep or farm animals likely in the road,A wool factory,No driving in the countryside,B,Sheep can be unpredictable; slow down and be prepared to stop.																									
604,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'blue rectangular sign with a white 'M'' mean?,A motorway,A metro station,A museum,A parking area,B,This indicates a nearby station for a metro or underground system.																									
605,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'yellow sign with a black arrow and a black 4' mean?,Speed limit 4mph,Follow the 4th exit,Diversion route number 4,No 4-wheel drives,C,This helps drivers follow a specific diverted path through multiple junctions.																									
606,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with 'two rows of dots'. What does it mean?,A gravel road,Queues likely ahead,A stone quarry,No driving on bumps,B,This is often used on motorways or near busy junctions to warn of stationary traffic.																									
607,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'red circle with a car' and a 'white center' mean?,No motor vehicles allowed,No cars allowed,No parking,Only cycles allowed,A,This prohibits all motor vehicles.																									
608,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue circle with a 'white bicycle and person' mean?,No cycling or walking,A shared-use path for cyclists and pedestrians,A park entrance,A race track,B,Both groups can use this path; cyclists should be careful of pedestrians.																									
609,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with 'T-junction on a curve'. What does it mean?,A dead end,A side road on a bend,A crossroads,A hairpin turn,B,It warns that traffic might emerge from a hidden side road while you are cornering.																									
610,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'white rectangle with black 1 in a red circle' mean?,Congestion charge zone 1,End of the first speed limit,The start of a controlled parking zone,Priority over oncoming traffic,D,White rectangles with arrows usually show who has the right of way in narrow roads.																									
611,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a red circle with 'End' and a car with a red line mean?,End of a clearway,End of a restricted parking zone,End of a motorway,End of a no-entry zone,B,Specific local parking rules stop at this point.																									
612,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with a 'low bridge' height. What does it mean?,The bridge is 7 miles long,The maximum height is shown (e.g. 14ft 6in),The bridge is for cars only,No driving on the bridge,B,If your vehicle is taller than the height shown, you must find another route.																									
613,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a blue square with a 'white bus' and no times mean?,A bus lane in operation at all times,A bus lane that is never used,A bus stop,A bus station,A,If no times are shown, the restriction applies 24 hours a day.																									
614,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a sign showing a 'red triangle with a cyclist' mean?,A cycle race,Cyclists likely in the road or crossing,No cycling,A bike shop,B,Watch out for cyclists, especially near junctions or designated crossings.																									
615,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'white rectangle with a blue P' and a 'van' mean?,Parking for vans only,No parking for vans,A van wash,A van rental shop,A,This designates a specific parking zone for commercial vehicles.																									
616,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with 'soft verges'. What does it mean?,A park,Do not drive on the grass or edge of the road,A playground,A garden,B,The edge of the road may not support the weight of your car and could cause you to get stuck.																									
617,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'blue circle with a white arrow pointing diagonally right' mean?,Turn right only,Keep right,One-way street,No entry,B,Found on traffic islands to tell you which side to pass on.																									
618,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'red circle with a red line' mean?,No stopping (Clearway),No entry,No parking,One-way street,A,You must not stop your vehicle at all, even to drop off passengers.																									
619,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with 'uneven road'. What does it mean?,A steep hill,The road surface is bumpy or in poor condition,A construction site,A dead end,B,Slow down to avoid damaging your suspension or losing control.																									
620,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'blue square with a white car' mean?,A car park,A motorway,No motor vehicles,A car wash,B,The blue square with a car symbol is the start of a motorway.																									
621,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'red circle with a 30' mean?,Maximum speed 30mph,Minimum speed 30mph,30 miles to go,Parking for 30 cars,A,A mandatory maximum speed limit.																									
622,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with a 'hump bridge'. What does it mean?,A steep hill,A bridge with a hidden view or a sharp rise,A tunnel,No driving on bridges,B,Approach slowly to see what is on the other side.																									
623,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'white rectangle with a green border' mean?,A primary route sign,A secondary route sign,A motorway sign,A tourist sign,A,These provide directions on major 'A' roads.																									
624,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'red circle with a white horizontal bar' mean?,No entry,Stop,No parking,One-way street,A,You are prohibited from entering this road from this direction.																									
625,Road and Traffic Signs,A sign shows a red triangle with 'low-flying aircraft'. What does it mean?,An airport nearby,Sudden noise or low aircraft,No flying,A flight school,B,Warns of aircraft that could startle drivers or horses.																									
626,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'blue square with a white bed' mean?,A hotel or guest house,A hospital,A furniture shop,A rest area,A,Used to indicate local accommodation.																									
627,Road and Traffic Signs,What does a 'red circle with a motorcycle' mean?,No motorcycles allowed,Motorcycles only,Motorcycle racing,Watch for bikes,A,Prohibits motorcycles from using the route.																									
628,Essential Documents,What is the legal minimum insurance cover required to drive on public roads?,Third-party fire and theft,Third-party only,Comprehensive,Personal injury cover,B,Third-party insurance is the minimum. It covers damage to other people and their property, but not your own car.																									
629,Essential Documents,What is a Statutory Off-Road Notification (SORN)?,A notice to tell the DVLA a vehicle is being kept off the road,A fine for speeding,A permit to drive without insurance,A type of driving license,A,You must declare SORN if you aren't taxing or insuring your vehicle because it is parked on private land.																									
630,Essential Documents,How long is an MOT certificate usually valid for?,Six months,One year,Two years,Three years,B,An MOT test must be carried out every 12 months once a car is three years old.																									
631,Essential Documents,What must you check before driving someone else's vehicle?,That the car is clean,That your own insurance covers you to drive it,That the fuel tank is full,That the owner is in the car,B,Never assume your insurance covers other cars. Check your policy for 'Driving Other Cars' (DOC) cover.																									
632,Essential Documents,Who is responsible for ensuring a vehicle is taxed?,The local council,The driver's insurance company,The registered keeper of the vehicle,The manufacturer,C,The person named on the V5C (logbook) is responsible for the tax and MOT.																									
633,Essential Documents,When must you notify the DVLA of a change?,Only when you sell the car,When you change your name, address, or health status,Only if you get a speeding ticket,Every year,B,You are legally required to keep your license and logbook details up to date.																									
634,Essential Documents,What is the maximum fine for driving without insurance?,50,500,Unlimited,100,C,The courts can issue an unlimited fine and give you 6 to 8 penalty points.																									
635,Essential Documents,At what age does a car usually require its first MOT?,One year old,Two years old,Three years old,Five years old,C,New cars are exempt for the first three years from the date of registration.																									
636,Essential Documents,What does a 'Cover Note' mean in insurance terms?,The document sent before your actual policy arrives,An extra fee for young drivers,Insurance for the car's contents,A document that says the car is stolen,A,A cover note is temporary proof of insurance while your main policy is being processed.																									
637,Essential Documents,Under the 'New Drivers Act', how many points will cause you to lose your license within the first two years?,3 points,6 points,9 points,12 points,B,If you reach 6 points within 24 months of passing your first test, your license is revoked.																									
638,Essential Documents,What is the 'V5C'?,The insurance policy,The vehicle registration document (Logbook),The driving license,The MOT certificate,B,It contains details of the vehicle and the registered keeper.																									
639,Essential Documents,If your car fails an MOT, when can you drive it?,Anytime for the next 7 days,Only to a pre-arranged appointment at a garage to have the faults fixed,Only during daylight hours,To the shops and back,B,Driving a car that has failed an MOT is illegal unless you are taking it to be repaired.																									
640,Essential Documents,What must you do if your health affects your driving?,Tell your doctor only,Notify the DVLA,Stop driving and tell no one,Tell your insurance company only,B,The DVLA must be informed of any medical condition that could make you unsafe behind the wheel.																									
641,Essential Documents,How often should you update your vehicle's logbook (V5C)?,Every time you have a service,When the vehicle is sold, scrapped, or the keeper changes details,Every 12 months,Only if the color of the car changes,B,Accuracy is vital for legal and tax purposes.																									
642,Essential Documents,What is a SORN valid for?,One month,Six months,Until the vehicle is taxed, sold or scrapped,Ten years,C,Once you declare SORN, it remains in place until you put the car back on the road.																									
643,Essential Documents,Who is responsible for ensuring a passenger under 14 wears a seatbelt?,The passenger,The driver,The passenger's parents,The police,B,As the driver, you are legally responsible for all passengers under the age of 14.																									
644,Essential Documents,What is the minimum age to hold a car driving license?,16,17,18,21,B,You can apply for a provisional license at 15 years and 9 months, but cannot drive until you are 17.																									
645,Essential Documents,What is the maximum period you can leave a car without an MOT before it becomes illegal?,One day,One week,One month,There is no grace period,D,As soon as the certificate expires, the car is illegal to drive on the road.																									
646,Essential Documents,If you are involved in an accident, what document may the police ask to see?,Your birth certificate,Your driving license and insurance certificate,Your bank statement,Your school records,B,You must produce these if requested, or at a police station within 7 days.																									
647,Essential Documents,What does 'Third Party' insurance cover?,Damage to your car and yourself,Damage to other people's property and vehicles,Damage caused by fire only,Theft of your vehicle,B,It is the most basic legal requirement.																									
648,Essential Documents,How long does a SORN declaration last?,12 months,Until you sell the car,Five years,One month,B,SORN no longer needs to be renewed annually; it lasts until the vehicle's status changes.																									
649,Essential Documents,What is an insurance 'excess'?,The total cost of the insurance,The amount you have to pay yourself toward any claim,The profit the company makes,An extra fee for driving at night,B,If your excess is 250 and a repair costs 1000, the insurance pays 750.																									
650,Essential Documents,What must you do if you sell your car?,Give the whole V5C to the buyer,Notify the DVLA and give the buyer the green 'New Keeper' supplement,Keep the whole V5C,Throw the V5C away,B,The green slip (V5C/2) acts as temporary proof of ownership for the buyer.																									
651,Essential Documents,Which document shows the CO2 emissions of your vehicle?,The MOT certificate,The V5C (Logbook),The insurance policy,The driving license,B,Tax rates are often based on the CO2 figures found in the V5C.																									
652,Essential Documents,When can you drive without a valid MOT certificate?,When driving to a pre-arranged MOT test appointment,When you only have 5 miles to go,When you have just bought the car,Never,A,This is the only legal exception.																									
653,Essential Documents,What is the penalty for a new driver who gets 6 points?,A 1000 fine,Their license is revoked and they must retake both tests,A one-month ban,They must take a speed awareness course,B,You go back to being a 'provisional' holder and must start from scratch.																									
654,Essential Documents,What does it mean if your insurance has 'No Claims Discount'?,You have never had an accident,Your premium is reduced because you haven't made a claim,You don't have to pay the excess,You are allowed to crash once for free,B,Each year you drive without making a claim, you earn a percentage off your next policy.																									
655,Essential Documents,Who is legally responsible for the vehicle being in a roadworthy condition?,The garage that serviced it,The driver,The DVLA,The previous owner,B,It is the driver's duty to check tyres, lights, and brakes before setting off.																									
656,Essential Documents,What information is on a photocard driving license?,Your height,Your name, address, and the categories of vehicles you can drive,Your blood type,Your bank details,B,It also lists the dates your entitlements start and expire.																									
657,Essential Documents,When should you tell the DVLA that you have sold your vehicle?,Immediately,Within 30 days,When the tax is due,Only if the new owner asks,A,Until the DVLA is notified, you remain responsible for any fines or tax.																									
658,Essential Documents,What is the purpose of the MOT test?,To make sure the car is fast,To ensure the vehicle meets minimum safety and environmental standards,To check the oil level,To see if the radio works,B,It is a safety inspection, not a mechanical service.																									
659,Essential Documents,Which of these is NOT checked during an MOT test?,The exhaust system,The steering and suspension,The engine oil and gearbox,The brakes,C,The MOT does not cover the general mechanical condition of the engine or clutch.																									
660,Essential Documents,What must you have before you can supervise a learner driver?,Be at least 21 and have held a full license for that category for 3 years,Be over 18 and have a clean license,A teaching degree,Be at least 25 and have 1 year of driving experience,A,If you don't meet these requirements, you are both driving illegally.																									
661,Essential Documents,What happens if you are caught driving without a valid driving license?,You get a warning,You can be fined and disqualified from driving,You are asked to take the test again next week,Nothing if you are a good driver,B,Driving without a valid license usually invalidates your insurance as well.																									
662,Essential Documents,What must you have before you can tax your vehicle?,A full tank of petrol,Valid insurance and a valid MOT (if applicable),A clean car,A driving license with no points,B,The DVLA system checks for these automatically when you try to pay.																									
663,Essential Documents,How long is a driving license photocard usually valid for?,5 years,10 years,20 years,For life,B,You must renew the photo every 10 years to ensure it remains a true likeness.																									
664,Essential Documents,When should you show your insurance certificate to the police?,If you are involved in an incident or asked at a roadside check,Every time you see a police car,Once a year at the station,Only if you have crashed into a police car,A,If you don't have it on you, you'll be given a 'producer' to show it within 7 days.																									
665,Essential Documents,What does 'Comprehensive' insurance cover?,Other people only,Only your own car,Other people and your own vehicle in almost any situation,Only theft,C,This is the highest level of cover available.																									
666,Essential Documents,What does a 'Valid' MOT certificate mean?,The car is safe for the next 12 months,The car met the required standards on the day of the test,The car will never break down,The car is brand new,B,The MOT is a snapshot; parts can fail the very next day.																									
667,Essential Documents,What happens to your insurance if you don't have a valid MOT?,It remains the same,It may be invalidated (canceled),The price goes down,It only covers fire,B,Most insurance policies require the car to be roadworthy and have a valid MOT.																									
668,Essential Documents,How do you know when your MOT is due?,You get a letter from the Queen,Check the date on your current certificate or use the online 'Check MOT' service,Your car will beep,The police will call you,B,It is your responsibility to remember the date.																									
669,Essential Documents,Who is responsible for the 'Vehicle Excise Duty' (Car Tax)?,The passenger,The driver/registered keeper,The local council,The petrol station,B,Driving without tax can lead to the car being clamped or towed.																									
670,Essential Documents,What should you do with your V5C when you sell your car privately?,Give the whole document to the buyer,Send the 'Change of Keeper' part to the DVLA and give the buyer the V5C/2,Keep it for your records,Throw it away,B,This ensures the DVLA knows you are no longer responsible for the car.																									
671,Essential Documents,What is the 'probationary period' for a new driver?,The first 6 months,The first 12 months,The first 2 years after passing the test,Until they turn 21,C,Special rules about penalty points apply during this time.																									
672,Essential Documents,What is the 'V5C/2'?,The insurance slip,The green 'New Keeper' supplement,The MOT pass slip,A speeding fine,B,It is given to the new owner of a vehicle as temporary proof.																									
673,Essential Documents,When would you need to produce a 'Valid Insurance Certificate'?,When you have an accident that causes damage or injury,Every time you get petrol,When you buy a new air freshener,When you park in a car park,A,You are legally required to exchange insurance details with other parties.																									
674,Essential Documents,Can you use a vehicle on the road if it is SORN?,Yes, for one day a week,No, not under any circumstances,Yes, if you only drive at night,Yes, if it is insured,B,SORN means the car is strictly off the road (garage, driveway, or private land).																									
675,Essential Documents,What must you do if you change the color of your car?,Tell your friends,Notify the DVLA and update the V5C,Nothing, it's your car,Buy new insurance only,B,The description of the vehicle on the logbook must be accurate.																									
676,Essential Documents,Which of these is a requirement for supervising a learner?,The supervisor must have a car of their own,The supervisor must be at least 21 years old,The supervisor must be a family member,The supervisor must have a clean license,B,They must also have held a license for that category for at least 3 years.																									
677,Essential Documents,What is the penalty for failing to notify the DVLA of a change of address?,A 50 fine,A fine of up to 1000,Nothing,Your license is canceled,B,You must keep your details updated to receive tax reminders and legal notices.																									
678,Essential Documents,What should you do if you lose your driving license?,Stop driving until you find it,Apply for a replacement immediately from the DVLA,Borrow a friend's license,Wait until it expires,B,You should not drive if you do not have a valid license, even if you just lost the physical card.																									
679,Essential Documents,What is the purpose of Third-Party, Fire and Theft insurance?,It covers your car for everything,It covers others plus your car if it is stolen or damaged by fire,It only covers fire,It is for racing cars only,B,It adds protection for your own car specifically for fire and theft risks.																									
680,Essential Documents,What is the legal requirement for 'Learner' plates?,They must be on the roof,They must be clearly visible on the front and back of the vehicle,They must be removed when a full license holder is driving,B and C,A learner must display 'L' plates (or 'D' in Wales) and they should be removed when not in use by a learner.																									
681,Essential Documents,Who is responsible for ensuring a car is properly insured?,The insurance company,The registered keeper or the driver,The bank,The car manufacturer,B,Driving without insurance is a serious offense.																									
682,Essential Documents,If your car is three years old, how often must it be MOT tested?,Every two years,Once a year,Every six months,Only when it breaks down,B,Annual testing is required to ensure continued safety.																									
683,Essential Documents,What document does an insurance company issue as proof of cover?,The V5C,The Certificate of Motor Insurance,The MOT pass sheet,The Highway Code,B,This is the document the police will ask to see.																									
684,Essential Documents,What happens if you provide false information to get insurance?,The premium will be cheaper,Your insurance will be invalid and you could be prosecuted for fraud,Nothing happens,The insurance company will thank you,B,Lying about your age, address, or driving history is illegal.																									
685,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What is the first thing you should do at the scene of a collision?,Check for witnesses,Make sure the area is safe and warn other traffic,Call your insurance company,Take photos of the damage,B,Safety is the priority. Use hazard lights and a warning triangle if possible to prevent further accidents.																									
686,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,If a casualty is unconscious but breathing, what position should they be placed in?,Flat on their back,The recovery position,Sitting upright,On their stomach,B,This keeps the airway open and prevents them from choking.																									
687,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,How can you help a casualty who is in shock?,Give them a cigarette,Keep them warm and reassure them,Give them a drink of water,Ask them to walk around,B,Shock can be life-threatening. Keep them calm, comfortable, and warm until help arrives.																									
688,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if your car catches fire in a tunnel?,Stop and run immediately,Drive out of the tunnel if possible,Stay in the car and close windows,Turn the engine off and wait,B,It is much safer to deal with a fire in the open air than in a confined tunnel.																									
689,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,How should you treat a minor burn?,Apply butter or cream,Douse the burn with cool (not cold) liquid for at least 20 minutes,Wrap it in a woolly scarf,Pop any blisters,B,Clean, cool water is the best treatment. Do not use ointments or bandages that might stick.																									
690,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if a persons clothes are on fire?,Tell them to run,Make them 'Stop, Drop and Roll',Throw petrol on them,Give them a drink of water,B,This is the standard technique to smother flames using the ground.																									
691,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What is the 'DR ABC' code in first aid?,Driver, Route, Area, Body, Check,Danger, Response, Airway, Breathing, Circulation,Driving, Road, Air, Brake, Control,Danger, Reply, Always, Breathe, Call,B,This is the sequence for assessing a casualty.																									
692,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,When should you move a casualty from a vehicle?,Whenever they ask you to,Only if there is an immediate danger (like fire or explosion),To make them more comfortable,To see their injuries better,B,Moving a casualty can worsen spinal injuries. Only do it if their life is at risk where they are.																									
693,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if an injured person is bleeding heavily?,Give them a drink,Apply firm pressure to the wound with a clean cloth,Tell them to go for a walk,Wash the wound with soap,B,Stopping blood loss is a priority. Keep the wound held firmly until paramedics take over.																									
694,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What is the shortest time you should cool a burn for?,5 minutes,10 minutes,20 minutes,1 hour,C,Current first aid guidelines recommend at least 20 minutes of cooling.																									
695,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,How can you warn other traffic of an accident on a standard road?,By shouting,By placing a warning triangle at least 45 metres behind the scene,By waving a white cloth,By turning your interior light on,B,Warning triangles should never be used on motorways, but are vital on other roads.																									
696,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if you see a 'Danger: Chemicals' sign on a crashed tanker?,Try to stop the leak,Keep well back and upwind,Open the tanker doors,Check the driver's license,B,Chemical fumes can be toxic. Stay back and tell the emergency services about the sign.																									
697,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What are the signs of someone being in shock?,They are very happy,They are pale, cold, and have a rapid pulse,They have a high fever,They are very talkative,B,Physical shock after an accident is a medical emergency.																									
698,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,When is it okay to give a casualty something to eat or drink?,If they are hungry,Only if they are very thirsty,Never, as it could complicate medical treatment or surgery,If they are in shock,C,Casualties may need an operation; food or drink in the stomach makes anesthesia dangerous.																									
699,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if your engine cuts out while you are driving?,Brake hard,Shift to neutral and steer safely to the side of the road,Turn the lights off,Wait for the car to stop in the middle of the road,B,Steering will become heavier and brakes harder to push, but the car will still stop.																									
700,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,Where should you look for a fire extinguisher in your car?,In the glove box,It is usually kept in the boot or under a seat,On the roof,In the petrol tank,B,Ensure you know where yours is and that it is serviced.																									
701,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if you hit a dog and cannot find the owner?,Leave a note on a tree,Report it to the police as soon as possible (within 24 hours),Take the dog home,Ignore it,B,By law, you must report accidents involving certain animals (dogs, horses, cattle, etc.).																									
702,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What is the aim of 'Circulation' in DR ABC?,To check if the person is moving,To check for and stop heavy bleeding,To check the person's blood type,To drive the person to hospital,B,The 'C' stands for checking for severe bleeding after you've checked breathing.																									
703,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,If you are involved in a collision, what must you give to other parties?,Your car's service history,Your name, address, and vehicle registration,Your bank details,Your school's name,B,Exchanging details is a legal requirement under the Road Traffic Act.																									
704,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if your car is submerged in water?,Wait for the car to fill with water before trying to open the door,Try to open the window immediately to escape,Stay in your seatbelt,Call a mechanic,B,Water pressure will make the door impossible to open until the car is full, so the window is the best exit.																									
705,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What does it mean if a casualty's breath smells of pear drops?,They have been eating sweets,They may be in a diabetic coma,They are very healthy,They have been drinking alcohol,B,Acetone breath is a symptom of a diabetic emergency.																									
706,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if a motorcyclist is unconscious after an accident?,Remove their helmet immediately,Only remove the helmet if it is essential to keep them breathing,Sit them up,Remove their boots,B,Removing a helmet can cause or worsen a neck injury.																									
707,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,How would you help someone having a seizure (fit)?,Hold them down,Put something in their mouth,Protect them from nearby hazards but do not restrain them,Splash water on their face,C,Let the seizure run its course while ensuring they don't hit their head on anything sharp.																									
708,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What is the rate for chest compressions during CPR?,10 per minute,30 per minute,100-120 per minute,200 per minute,C,This is roughly the beat of the song 'Stayin' Alive'.																									
709,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if your brakes fail while driving?,Switch the engine off immediately,Pump the brake pedal and use the handbrake gently,Jump out of the car,Switch to the highest gear,B,Pumping the pedal may build up pressure; the handbrake can help slow you down.																									
710,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,You arrive at a scene where a car has hit a power pole and wires are touching the car. What do you do?,Pull the driver out,Tell the driver to stay inside until the power is turned off,Spray the car with water,Touch the car to see if it is live,B,Touching the car or the person inside could result in electrocution.																									
711,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What is the first thing you should check for when assessing a casualty's 'Response'?,Their pulse,If they respond to your voice or a gentle shake of the shoulders,Their pupils,Their breathing,B,See if they are conscious before moving to the next step.																									
712,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if your car has a tyre blowout on a motorway?,Brake hard,Hold the wheel firmly and let the car slow down on the hard shoulder,Accelerate to keep it straight,Swerve into the next lane,B,Sudden braking with a flat tyre is likely to cause a spin.																									
713,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,When must you call the police after an accident?,Only if a car is expensive,If someone is injured or if property is damaged and details weren't exchanged,Only if it's raining,If you are late for work,B,If you cannot exchange details at the scene, you must report it to the police within 24 hours.																									
714,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if a casualty has stopped breathing?,Start chest compressions (CPR),Give them a glass of water,Slap their face,Wait for them to wake up,A,If they aren't breathing, their heart will soon stop. You must act immediately.																									
715,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,How do you check for breathing in a casualty?,Listen for sounds and look for chest movement for up to 10 seconds,Hold a mirror to their mouth,Pinch their nose,Ask them if they are breathing,A,Check 'Look, Listen, and Feel'.																									
716,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if your car's throttle (accelerator) sticks open?,Switch the engine off while moving,Press the clutch and shift to neutral, then brake safely,Apply the handbrake hard,Close your eyes,B,Neutral disconnects the engine from the wheels, allowing you to stop safely.																									
717,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if you are the first to arrive at a crash?,Drive past and call later,Stop in a safe place and switch on hazard lights,Take a video for social media,Check the damage to the cars first,B,Securing the scene prevents more people from getting hurt.																									
718,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What is the ratio of chest compressions to rescue breaths in CPR?,10 to 1,30 to 2,15 to 5,50 to 1,B,Give 30 compressions followed by 2 breaths.																									
719,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if a casualty is shivering?,Give them a hot drink,Cover them with a coat or blanket,Make them run,Give them a hot water bottle,B,Keeping them warm helps prevent the worsening of shock.																									
720,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What is a common sign of internal bleeding?,A high fever,Bruising, thirst, and a weak but rapid pulse,A very slow heartbeat,They are very hungry,B,Internal bleeding is hard to see but extremely dangerous.																									
721,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if your car breaks down in a tunnel?,Walk to the end of the tunnel,Switch on hazard lights and use the emergency telephone,Stay in the car with the engine running,Try to fix it yourself,B,Tunnels have emergency points with phones and fire extinguishers.																									
722,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,How can you help someone with a broken arm?,Make them move it,Immobilize the arm using a sling or by padding it against their body,Give them a painkiller,Pull the arm straight,B,Preventing movement reduces pain and further injury.																									
723,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,Why shouldn't you remove a motorcyclist's helmet unless necessary?,It's expensive,It could cause a permanent neck or spine injury,The driver might get cold,It is against the law,B,The helmet supports the head and neck; removing it can be fatal if the neck is broken.																									
724,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if you hit a parked car and the owner isn't there?,Drive away,Leave your details in a visible place (like under the wiper) and report it,Wait for 5 hours,Take the car to a garage,B,Leaving the scene without providing details is an offense.																									
725,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,Which of these animals must you report hitting to the police?,A cat,A pheasant,A pig,A squirrel,C,Dogs, horses, cattle, pigs, goats, sheep, and donkeys must be reported by law.																									
726,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What does a 'warning triangle' do?,It fixes the car,It warns other drivers of a hazard ahead,It is for decoration,It marks a parking spot,B,Place it well back from the scene to give others time to slow down.																									
727,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,Where should you never use a warning triangle?,On a country road,In a city center,On a motorway,On a dual carriageway,C,Walking on a motorway to place a triangle is too dangerous.																									
728,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if you suspect a casualty has a back injury?,Help them stand up,Reassure them and tell them not to move,Massage their back,Give them a drink of water,B,Any movement could lead to paralysis if the spine is damaged.																									
729,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What is the purpose of the 'Emergency SOS' phones on motorways?,To call home,To give your exact location to the emergency services,To check the weather,To listen to the radio,B,These phones are connected directly to control centers that know exactly where you are.																									
730,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,How can you help a child who has stopped breathing?,Use two fingers for chest compressions instead of a full hand,Give them a sweet,Wait for them to wake up,Hold them upside down,A,Children are more fragile, so less pressure is used for CPR.																									
731,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if a car is on fire and the person is trapped?,Try to put the fire out with a proper extinguisher if safe,Run away immediately,Wait for the police,Throw sand on the person,A,Only attempt to help if you do not put your own life at risk.																									
732,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,How deep should you press the chest during adult CPR?,1-2 cm,5-6 cm,10 cm,Only slightly,B,You need to compress the chest significantly to pump the blood.																									
733,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What is the first step in using a fire extinguisher?,Shake it,Pull the pin,Throw it at the fire,Turn it upside down,B,Most extinguishers have a safety pin to prevent accidental use.																									
734,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if you see an accident on the other side of the motorway?,Stop and cross the lanes to help,Continue and call 999 if needed - do not slow down to watch,Slow down to take a photo,Sound your horn,B,'Rubbernecking' causes more accidents and traffic jams.																									
735,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,If you are involved in an accident, how long do you have to produce your documents to the police?,24 hours,7 days,30 days,One year,B,You must take them to a police station of your choice.																									
736,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if someone is choking?,Slap them on the back between the shoulder blades,Give them a drink of water,Make them lie down,Tell them to sing,A,Up to five sharp back blows can help dislodge the object.																									
737,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What is the purpose of 'Airway' in DR ABC?,To check if the person has fresh air,To ensure the tongue isn't blocking the throat by tilting the head back,To check the air in the tyres,To use an air pump,B,A blocked airway is the most common cause of death in unconscious casualties.																									
738,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What information should you give the emergency services?,The color of your car,Your location and the number of people injured,Your life story,The price of the car,B,This helps them send the right amount of help to the right place.																									
739,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if you are dazzled by the sun and cannot see?,Close your eyes,Slow down and stop if necessary,Speed up to get past the glare,Turn your lights on,B,If you cannot see the road, you must not continue driving.																									
740,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,How can you identify a vehicle carrying dangerous goods?,It will be very large,It will have a plain orange plate or a hazard warning diamond,It will be painted red,It will have a loud siren,B,This warns emergency services of the specific risks (fire, poison, etc.).																									
741,Incidents Accidents and Emergencies,What should you do if you see a pedestrian with a white stick and a red band?,They are deaf and blind,They are just blind,They are a teacher,They are an athlete,A,A plain white stick indicates blindness; a red band indicates they are also deaf.																									
742,Vehicle Loading,How will a heavy load in the boot affect your vehicle's handling?,It will make the steering feel lighter,It will make the steering feel heavier and increase stopping distance,It will make the car accelerate faster,It will have no effect,B,Weight at the rear can lighten the front of the car and requires more distance to stop safely.																									
743,Vehicle Loading,What should you do if you are carrying a heavy load on a roof rack?,Drive faster to keep the car stable,Check the load is secure and be aware that the car may lean more on corners,Nothing as roof racks are self-securing,Only drive at night,B,Top-heavy cars are more likely to overturn or sway in high winds.																									
744,Vehicle Loading,Who is responsible for ensuring a child under 14 years old wears a seatbelt?,The child,The child's parents,The driver of the vehicle,The police,C,The driver is legally responsible for all passengers under the age of 14.																									
745,Vehicle Loading,How should you adjust your tyre pressures when carrying a heavy load?,Decrease the pressure,Increase the pressure to the manufacturer's 'heavy load' setting,Keep them the same as usual,Only inflate the front tyres,B,Check your vehicle handbook for the correct PSI/Bar settings for full loads.																									
746,Vehicle Loading,What is the legal minimum depth of tread for a trailer tyre?,1mm,1.6mm,2.5mm,4mm,B,Trailers must follow the same legal minimum tread depth as cars: 1.6mm across the central three-quarters.																									
747,Vehicle Loading,What should you do if your trailer starts to 'snake' or swerve while you are driving?,Brake hard immediately,Ease off the accelerator and allow the vehicle to slow down naturally,Speed up to pull it straight,Steer sharply in the opposite direction,B,Sudden braking or steering can cause the trailer to jackknife.																									
748,Vehicle Loading,What is the purpose of a 'breakaway cable' on a trailer?,To keep the trailer from being stolen,To apply the trailer's brakes if it becomes detached from the car,To help you hitch the trailer,To tow another car,B,This is a vital safety feature for trailers fitted with their own braking system.																									
749,Vehicle Loading,What should you do if you are towing a trailer on a three-lane motorway?,Stay in the right-hand lane,Use only the left-hand and center lanes,Use the hard shoulder,Drive in any lane you like,B,Vehicles towing trailers are prohibited from using the right-hand lane on motorways with three or more lanes.																									
750,Vehicle Loading,How will carrying a roof box affect your fuel consumption?,It will decrease it,It will increase it,It will have no effect,It only affects fuel if it is empty,B,Roof boxes increase wind resistance (drag), which forces the engine to work harder.																									
751,Vehicle Loading,What should you do before towing a caravan for the first time?,Fit extended 'towing mirrors' to see past the caravan,Paint the caravan a bright color,Install a larger engine,Only drive on motorways,A,You must be able to see clearly down both sides of the caravan to see traffic behind.																									
752,Vehicle Loading,Where can you find the maximum weight your car is allowed to tow?,On the car's speedometer,In the vehicle handbook or on the manufacturer's plate,On the insurance certificate,On the MOT certificate,B,Exceeding the towing limit is illegal and dangerous for the car's suspension and brakes.																									
753,Vehicle Loading,What is the maximum speed limit for a car towing a trailer on a dual carriageway?,50 mph,60 mph,70 mph,40 mph,B,The limit is reduced by 10 mph from the national speed limit when towing.																									
754,Vehicle Loading,How does a heavy load affect your car's headlights?,It makes them point higher, potentially dazzling other drivers,It makes them point lower,It makes them switch off,It has no effect,A,Most cars have a 'headlight level' dial to lower the beam when the back is weighted down.																									
755,Vehicle Loading,What is the 'noseweight' of a trailer?,The weight of the trailer's front window,The downward force the trailer's coupling exerts on the car's towball,The weight of the items in the front of the trailer,The total weight of the trailer,B,Incorrect noseweight can make the car's steering unstable or lift the front wheels.																									
756,Vehicle Loading,A passenger is 14 years old or over. Who is responsible for them wearing a seatbelt?,The driver,The passenger,The driver's insurance company,No one,B,Once a passenger is 14, they are legally responsible for their own seatbelt and can be fined personally.																									
757,Vehicle Loading,What should you do if you are carrying a load that overhangs the rear of your car by more than 2 metres?,Nothing,Mark it with a red and white 'long load' marker board,Tie a plastic bag to it,Only drive during the day,B,Significant overhangs must be clearly marked to warn other drivers.																									
758,Vehicle Loading,How should you distribute the weight inside a caravan or trailer?,All at the back to help it move,Keep the weight low down and centered over the axle,All at the very front,On one side only,B,Keeping weight low and central provides the best stability.																									
759,Vehicle Loading,When using a roof rack, when should you check the security of the load?,Only when you arrive,After a few miles and at every rest stop,Only if you hear a noise,Once a year,B,Vibrations and wind can loosen straps and bolts during the journey.																									
760,Vehicle Loading,What should you do if you are carrying a bicycle on a rear-mounted rack?,Ensure it doesn't block your lights or number plate,Pedal the bike while driving,Remove the wheels,Only carry one bike,A,If the rack blocks the plate or lights, you must fit a 'light board' and a secondary number plate.																									
761,Vehicle Loading,What is the maximum speed limit for a car towing a trailer on a motorway?,50 mph,60 mph,70 mph,80 mph,B,Even on a motorway, the 60 mph limit applies to all towing vehicles.																									
762,Vehicle Loading,How will your car's acceleration be affected by a full load of passengers?,It will be faster,It will be slower,It will remain the same,It will only change in reverse,B,Extra weight requires more power from the engine to reach speed.																									
763,Vehicle Loading,What is the best way to prevent goods from falling out of a trailer?,Drive very slowly,Cover the load with a net or tarpaulin and secure it firmly,Stack the goods as high as possible,Only fill the trailer halfway,B,Loose items can fly out at high speeds, causing serious accidents.																									
764,Vehicle Loading,How can you help the environment when your roof rack is not in use?,Paint it green,Remove it from the car to reduce wind resistance and save fuel,Keep it on to show you are active,Tie a ribbon to it,B,Leaving a rack on when it's not needed wastes fuel.																									
765,Vehicle Loading,What must you check before towing a trailer?,That the trailer's lights are working and connected to the car,That the trailer has a radio,That the car is a diesel,That the trailer is empty,A,Check indicators, brake lights, and tail lights every time you hitch up.																									
766,Vehicle Loading,What should you do if your car is pulling to one side when you brake with a heavy load?,Drive faster,Check your tyre pressures and have your brakes checked by a professional,Turn the steering wheel the other way,Ignore it,B,Weight can highlight existing issues with brakes or tyre balance.																									
767,Vehicle Loading,Can you carry a passenger in a caravan while it is being towed?,Yes, if they have a seatbelt,No, it is illegal and very dangerous,Only if the caravan is large,Only at slow speeds,B,Caravans are not designed to protect passengers in a collision.																									
768,Vehicle Loading,How does a stabilizer help when towing?,It makes the car faster,It helps reduce the effects of side winds and swerving,It improves the radio signal,It fills the tyres with air,B,A stabilizer helps keep the car and trailer aligned.																									
769,Vehicle Loading,What is the legal requirement for a 'New Keeper' regarding vehicle loading?,They must check the vehicle's weight limits,They must buy a trailer,They must remove the seats,None,A,Every owner should know the limits of their specific vehicle.																									
770,Vehicle Loading,If you have a roof rack, what is the 'maximum roof load'?,The weight of the car's roof,The total weight (rack + load) allowed by the manufacturer,The weight of the driver,Unlimited,B,Check your manual; exceeding this can damage the car's pillars or cause a roll-over.																									
771,Vehicle Loading,What should you do if you are carrying an infant in a rear-facing baby seat in the front passenger seat?,Nothing,Ensure the front passenger airbag is deactivated,Drive with one hand,Keep the window open,B,An inflating airbag can strike the baby seat with fatal force.																									
772,Vehicle Loading,Why should you use a 'dog guard' or crate when traveling with pets?,To stop them from looking out the window,To prevent them from distracting the driver or being thrown forward in a crash,To keep the car clean,Because it's a law for all animals,B,Unrestrained pets can cause accidents or be injured themselves.																									
773,Vehicle Loading,How does a heavy load affect your fuel economy?,It improves it,It makes it worse (uses more fuel),It has no effect,It only matters on hills,B,More weight requires more energy to move.																									
774,Vehicle Loading,What should you do if you notice your trailer's tyres are bulging at the sides?,Speed up,Inflate them more,Check for overloading and replace the tyres if they are damaged,Ignore it,C,Bulging usually indicates the load is too heavy or the pressure is too low.																									
775,Vehicle Loading,What is the maximum speed limit for a car towing a trailer on a single carriageway (National Speed Limit)?,40 mph,50 mph,60 mph,70 mph,B,On a standard 60 mph road, a towing vehicle is restricted to 50 mph.																									
776,Vehicle Loading,Why is it important to have the correct 'noseweight' on your towbar?,To save fuel,To maintain steering control and stability,To make the trailer look level,To prevent the engine from overheating,B,Too much weight on the towbar pushes the car's rear down and lifts the front.																									
777,Vehicle Loading,What should you do if you are carrying a load that sticks out slightly from the sides?,Paint the load blue,Ensure it doesn't exceed the legal width limit and is clearly visible,Only drive in the middle of the road,Sound your horn at every corner,B,There are strict legal limits on how wide a load can be.																									
778,Vehicle Loading,How often should you check the security of a trailer hitch during a long journey?,Only at the start,At every rest stop,Only if you hit a bump,Never,B,Hitches can sometimes loosen or develop play over time.																									
779,Vehicle Loading,Which of these will happen if you overload your vehicle?,The suspension will work better,The car's handling and braking will be dangerously affected,The car will be more stable in wind,The tyres will last longer,B,Overloading puts immense strain on tyres, brakes, and suspension.																									
780,Vehicle Loading,What is the 'payload' of a vehicle?,The weight of the fuel,The maximum weight of passengers and cargo the car can safely carry,The weight of the engine,The cost of the car,B,Payload = (Maximum permitted weight) minus (Unladen weight).																									
781,Vehicle Loading,What should you do if your view to the rear is blocked by a load?,Open the windows,Use your side mirrors and consider fitting an interior camera or additional mirrors,Drive with the boot open,Guess what is behind you,B,You must always be able to see what is happening behind your vehicle.																									
782,Vehicle Loading,How does a heavy load affect your stopping distance?,It makes it shorter,It makes it significantly longer,It has no effect,It only changes if it's raining,B,Kinetic energy increases with mass; more weight takes more effort to stop.																									
783,Vehicle Loading,What should you do if you are towing and a large vehicle overtakes you?,Speed up,Stay steady and be prepared for a slight 'buffet' or pull from the air pressure,Brake hard,Swerve to the left,B,Large vehicles push a lot of air which can cause a trailer to wobble.																									
784,Vehicle Loading,What color is a 'Long Load' marker board?,Blue and yellow,Red and white,Green and black,Orange,B,These are used for loads that significantly exceed the length of the vehicle.																									
785,Vehicle Loading,What is the benefit of a 'twin-axle' trailer?,It is easier to park,It is generally more stable and can carry more weight,It uses less fuel,It doesn't need lights,B,Two sets of wheels help distribute the weight and reduce 'snaking'.																									
786,Vehicle Loading,What should you do if you are unsure about the weight of your loaded van?,Guess,Take it to a local weighbridge,Drive it and see how it feels,Ask a neighbor,B,Public weighbridges provide an accurate certificate of your vehicle's weight.																									
787,Vehicle Loading,What does 'GTW' stand for on a vehicle's plate?,Great Towing Weight,Gross Train Weight (the total weight of car and trailer combined),Gear Torque Weight,General Traffic Weight,B,You must never exceed this combined limit.																									
788,Vehicle Loading,How should you secure a heavy item in the boot?,Just lean it against the seat,Use dedicated lashing points and strong straps,Leave it loose so it can move,Wrap it in a towel,B,In a crash, a loose heavy object can fly forward with enough force to kill.																									
789,Vehicle Loading,What is the legal requirement for a trailer's number plate?,It must be handwritten,It must match the number plate of the towing vehicle,It must be a different color,It is not required,B,The trailer must show the same registration as the car pulling it.																									
790,Vehicle Loading,When should you use a 'Jockey Wheel' on a trailer?,When you are driving fast,When the trailer is detached from the car to move it or keep it level,Only when the trailer is empty,To help with braking,B,It supports the front of the trailer when it's not on the towball.																									
791,Vehicle Loading,What should you do if a passenger refuses to wear a seatbelt?,Drive anyway,Refuse to start the journey until they are buckled in,Tell them to sit in the footwell,Give them a cushion instead,B,Safety and legal responsibility lie with you as the driver.																									
792,Vehicle Loading,How does a heavy load affect a vehicle going uphill?,It makes it easier,The engine will work harder and you may need a lower gear,The car will fly,The brakes will get hot,B,Gravity works against the extra mass, requiring more torque.																									
793,Vehicle Loading,How does a heavy load affect a vehicle going downhill?,It makes it slower,The vehicle will pick up speed more quickly and require more braking,The engine will stop,It has no effect,B,Be careful of 'brake fade' on long hills when carrying heavy loads.																									
794,Vehicle Loading,What is the 'unladen weight' of a vehicle?,The weight with a full load,The weight of the vehicle without passengers, fuel, or cargo,The weight of the trailer,The weight of the driver,B,This is the 'empty' weight of the car as it came from the factory.																									
795,Vehicle Loading,When must you use a 'secondary coupling' (safety chain) on a small trailer?,Only at night,On all trailers that do not have a breakaway cable,Only on motorways,Never,B,It ensures the trailer stays attached to the car even if the towball fails.																									
796,Vehicle Loading,What should you do if you are carrying a load of loose sand in an open trailer?,Drive very slowly,Cover it with a tarpaulin to stop it blowing into other drivers' eyes,Wet the sand,Nothing,B,You must prevent any part of your load from falling or blowing onto the road.																									
797,Vehicle Loading,How should you adjust your driving when towing in high winds?,Drive faster,Slow down and be extra cautious on open bridges or exposed roads,Drive in the right-hand lane,Switch your lights off,B,Wind can catch the side of a trailer or caravan like a sail.																									
798,Vehicle Loading,What is the main danger of an improperly secured roof load?,It makes the car look messy,It can slide forward under braking or fall off into traffic,It makes the car too tall,It attracts birds,B,A load falling off at 70 mph is a fatal hazard to those behind you.																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
