1-q-What are the three holes indicated on this tyre?
1-a-The tyre has been repaired 3 times
1-b-Damage driving over a police stinger
1-c-A manufacturing defect
1-d-Tread depth indicators
1-s-d-A type of minimum tread depth inficators.
2-q-Great night out but it is late and you had one too many.  You should
2-a-Sleep in your car if parked at the side of the road
2-b-Sleep in your car if parked in a layby
2-c-Sleep in your car if parked in a car park
2-d-None of the above
2-s-d-Road traffic act 1988 section 5 prohibits driving or being in charge of a motor vehicle if drunk.  You are still seemed to be in charge even when sleeping
3-q- Whilst driving in Cyprus, even if your car is under control, it it illegal to...
3-a-Remove your sun glasses
3-b-Drink water
3-c-Switch stations on the radio
3-d-Use hazzard lights whilst moving
3-s-b-In Cyprus it illegal to take even a sip of water or eat whilst driving
4-q-In the UK it is illegal to..
4-a-Swear at another driver
4-b-Wave at another driver
4-c-Flash your lights at another driver
4-d- Sound your horn at a pedestrian
4-s-a-Swearing at another driver is Disorderly Behavour.Maximum fine of £1000.  Crime and disorder act 1988
5-q-This sign means...
5-a-A steep ascent
5-b-A steep descent
5-c-Decrease speed by 20%
5-d-Increase speed by 20%
5-s-a-A steep ascent
6-q-In the UK, on a hot day, it is illegal to drive, with a dog in the car, when..
6-a-The car windows are closed
6-b-The dog has it head out of the window
6-c-The dog is secured by a lead
6-d-None of the above
6-s-b-Dogs must be secured and not put their heads out of the window
7-q-Where possible you must keep both hands on the steering wheel
7-a-you do not have to
7-b-at all times
7-c-only on a practical driving test
7-d-only on an advanced driving test
7-s-b-Highway code 160 states you should hold the steering wheel with both hands where possible
8-q-If you park at a parking meter and do not have enough change.  Which answer is incorrect
8-a-Do not leave just ask passer-by for change
8-b-You must leave and return when you have change
8-c-You may not leave a note in the car indicating the meter is broken
8-d-None of the above are wrong
8-s-a-Vagrancy act 1824 makes begging for change under any circumstances illegal
